Meh. Not worth the effort. Sage is overpowering, too.If you follow the instructions regarding the cooking time of the peas, the soup will not be bright green as shown in the photo. Cook the peas only until they are just tender - for fresh English peas that may be only 3 - 5 minutes and for frozen peas for only 10 - 12 minutes. The cooking time of 45 minutes is too long. In addition to decreasing the cooking time, I would add additional salt, pepper, mace, thyme,and majoram, as well as sauteed leek the next time I make this soup.i kicked this up a notch, adding celery,chopped jalepenos and green onions to the broth, then added taco seasoning to the meat balls.
Authentic-I know many "authentic" recipes, and who is to say what is. I believe chicken broth is best in my opinion-add dried tomato soup later. Don't leave out potatoes, celery, carrots - I add zuchinni and slice corn-on-the-cob later. Rice, Garlic, jalapeno, cilantro, onion, egg and....chopped mushrooms(hah!-yes I am a gringo) in my meatballs. My Mexican husband says it is way better than all the "authentic" recipes he has had. Lemon wedges and corn tortillas while serving. Experiment, that is what makes good, creative cooking.
Everyone leaves out the MINT!!! Also, the onion and garlic should be ground in a molcajete or food processor prior to adding them to the meatballs. I also add a touch of cumin seed, ground fresh. Add 3 tb of finely chopped FRESH mint leave. No beef broth or water. The soup is tomato based! No egg or breadcrumbs, either..doesn't need it. The best recipe I've ever seen for albondigas is in the cookbook "Mexico the Beautiful". Worth every penny. All the recipes are fabulous and as authentic as they can be when altered a bit for what is available in the US.
I was disappointed in this receipe as all the Albondigas Soups I have eaten have a lot of vegies and are more flavorful
I really like this recipe ... It's easy to make and has great flavour!
A Gringo must have given you this. Use plain water, NOT beef/chicken stock. Below is a great recipe For Albondigas Soup...try it, you'll like it! ALBONDIGAS SOUP: 1/2 pound pork ground 1/2 pound beef ground 1 medium onion chopped 1 medium tomato chopped 1/2 bunch cilantro chopped 1/4 cup rice salt and pepper to taste 3 cloves garlic minced 1 large egg 1 cup bread crumbs Mix all ingredients together, make meatballs about 1" in diameter, drop in pot of boiling water, cook until rice in meatballs is done. correct seasoning.
Rated only due to the fact I used celery and carrots, and half of the meat was Italian sausage which adds loads of flavor to the 'albondigas.'
There seems to be a lot of the key ingredients missing from this recipe. Spanish Rice...it is served over Spanish Rice, plus celery, potatoes, and carrots. There should be rice in the meatballs as well as cilantro. Tortillas are served warm on the side.
Not quite the albondigas that I remember. Where is a "real recipe"? When one goes to a decent mexican resturant, albondigas soup sometimes has rice in the meatballs, the broth is usually so tasty, and there are carrots and ather various vegetables in the soup. Why can I not find a recipe that tastes like that?
Sounds better than it tastes. Don't waste your time on this one.Also used 1 tablespoon of Almond extract. This cake is great with fruit. Crust is MUCH better with almond cookies and chopped, toasted almonds.
This cheesecake is OK. I made it for my father's birthday. He doesn't like sweets very much, but does like almonds so I thought it would be good. It was average and very plain. By no means a show stopper. It needs something to make it prettier. I did not use the low-fat cream cheese, not sure if that would have made a difference. Also - I added sugar and vanilla to the sour cream topping. It gave it a little more sweetness. The cake was very dense though and overpowered the sweet of the topping.
I should have listened the reviewer above me. The crust tasted like cardboard, with the exact same consistency. No crispiness whatsoever. I prefer crusts with butter in them that crisp when cooked. I could not taste any almond flavor in the cheesecake at all. Even topping the whole thing off with raspberries and blueberries could not save this cake. We ended up eating half and throwing the rest away.
I made this dessert for a dinner party and was disappointed. It was very bland. There was no almond or lemon flavor at all. If I were to make this again, I would use a teaspoon of almond extract and more grated lemon peel. The crust was nothing special, either.remember your bath loofah. this vege is the young loofah. buy from oriental store
What is an Angled Loofah? Where can you find it--would normal grocery stores have access to it (assuming it needs to be special ordered)? What does it taste like?Followed the previous reviewer's comments and added ground cinnamon and raisins soaked in rum which saved it. Although it was not bad, I don't think this is the best I've made. I only made this tart because I had leftover apple compote and was trying to use it up.
Too bland.Maybe with a pinch of salt, some cinnamon and a dash of nutmeg might be more interesting. Will try again that way.Ehh. Not very interesting. Needs something for texture and taste interest. My wife suggests walnuts and/or blue cheese--would probably be good.
I mixed the vinagrette with another recipe and thus added 2 tab. red wine, 2 tab. orange juice, 1 teas. salt, 1 teas. sugar and 2 oranges peeled, cut up in segments.I had been planning on making this recipe since fig season a year ago and I was so dissapointed! The ice cream was lumpy and didn't taste sweet at all and the figs were just so-so. It sounded like it would be delicious but it was just bland and uneatable.
The honey whiskey ice cream is fairly laborious. I wouldn't really mind except that it doesn't end up really tasting like anything but honey. You'd probably be better off to add a shot of whiskey to the warm figs and serve them with a good vanilla ice cream (homemade or not). Also, if you are going to make this, you should know that the alcohol content makes the ice cream slow to freeze.
If you look at the bottom of the ingredients list, you will see BAKED FIGS - it is a link you can click onto - then you will see the recipe for making the baked figs. Hope this was helpful.
What figs?This is nothing special. I insist that beetroot is better grated with carrot, olive oil and lemon dressing. Yum! Give this a miss.
This is a very pretty salad. The flavors meld nicely and the parsley makes it sparkle. Very good.These took lots of time to make, and aren't anything special. Mine came out very greasy, even after draining and cooling on paper towels. I don't think I'd serve them to company.
This didn't go over quite too well with my party folks, so I won't be making it again. I thought it was okay but wasn't all that thrilled with it.
skeet....hmmmm, not a bad idea. You would think after all the trouble to make them, they could serve a useful purpose.
Leaden and tasteless. My pooch wouldn't even eat them and he eats everything. Are you sure that this is a cracker recipe, not a crapper recipe?
To "Cook" from W Va: The recipe "sounds like"?... most people actually try a recipe before rating it. It is a cracker recipe. Let us know if you taste it before subjecting us to your so-called opinion.
people like to try something different, and this recipe definitely has a better taste with either a cheese dip or any vegetable dip, good for the holiday season.
This recipe sounds like it would be put to good use at the local Skeet and Trap range as targets.I believe Mr. Grimes was playing a sick joke on the Gourmet readership. The description fails to mention the hours he spent laughing at the thought of earnest people trying to make this labor-intensive jello food. If you want a kitschy 60s era meal and you have a whole afternoon to waste in the kitchen, then by all means knock yourself out with this farce of a recipe.
Tasted great; didn't jell as I would have liked. Was the gelatin I was using too old? Was the fridge too warm?This dish is terrible, plus its not even the real green goddess dressing
Rather dull.
I couldn't wait until this recipe was posted so I could warn others away from it and spare them the expensive disappointment we experienced. With the great indgredients I thought it would be great, but I've had bottled dressings that were much better. Bland, bland, bland. Oh - and to the previous poster, fresh soft goat cheese is a much different item then feta.
Hi, I haven't made the recipe, but i find it hard to believe any dish with feta was bland, make sure you buy authentic greek-style feta, otherwise it's true, it tastes like nothing
I would make this again, with some additions, a bit more garlic. My Goodness, Mary, perhaps this site is not good enough for you! Your poor online manners leave A LOT to be desired.
What a waste of ingredients. I kept adding more salt but to no avail. I too ended up dumping the large amount left over, down the sink.
Goodness, Mary - you sure are rude to the other cooks on this site. I made the dish, and also thought it was nothing to write home about (I'm an experienced professional chef.) A bit of sea salt helped. Mary's vitriol did not!
I made this before reading the reviews. I guess other people had as much luck as I did. I added some lemon juice and black pepper but it seemed sort of blah.
Not worth making again.....even after adding some garlic, white pepper, etc.. it was still very blah.
Considering all the wonderful, flavorful ingredients in this I was surprised that it was so bland and flavorless. I used herbed garlic goat cheese for an added oomph, but it was really dull and boring. I threw the rest of it out. Very disappointing.My Granddaughter saw cactus leaves in the market and wanted to know what they tasted like. We all enjoyed the recipe after we got over the 'slimy' texture, the cactus looked and had the favor of canned roasted bell peppers. The salad was colorful. I thnk it would be nice served with a spicy Mexican dish. Very easy to prepare.This was tasty after I doctored it up a bit. The water did not yield enough flavor so I drained the water about halfway through cooking and continued the rest of the sauteing with about one tablespoon of oil. Also I pureed about 1/3 cup and added it back to help bind the dish and make it look better. You really need to stick to the 1/4" dice and doing that took a lot of prep time. (I did not make the lavash cups but served it along toasted Italian bread).After one hour I took the chicken out, removed the meat and put the bones back for another hour. I added one whole leek to the stock.
I agree, if you cook the chicken for 3 hours it becomes useless however, I use whole legs(which are usually cheap) and cook for only 30-40 minutes(most of the goodness comes out of in the 1st hour anyway). Reserve the chicken to add back in for soup or use in a Tetrazzini etc.
I agree w/Virginia, just use left over bones and scrapes, the cooked chicken is useless. Jasper White's receipe is the very best!!
The stock was okay, but the salvaged chicken was tasteless, unfit for any other use. Even the cat wasn't interested. I get much better stock by using more bones, relative to meat, which really isn't necessary. Otherwise, the vegetables and salt are just about right.This is edible, but "light and easy?" Miso has a lot of sodium in it. If you do make it, please don't call it Chinese Burritos, which smacks of "all Asians are the same". (sigh) Miso is Japanese, which I'm sure the users of this site are well aware. But why bother with the trouble? Just make yourself a sandwich instead.
This IS NOT ASIAN! I wonder who comes up with this stuff-- definitely not an Asian!!! Do they even run stuff past research? There are plenty of legitimate uses of miso, but this is not one of them.
Did not do to much for my taste buds. There are to many other good things to make. Don't bother!!although chinese soups are generally simple and surprisingly tasty I think this one fell short, as I am very familiar with chinese cooking I was able to save it with the addition of some Lo and jar choi, but not worth making again. Sorry
Easy to make and approved by family in taste testI like the concept but this recipe is gross. I tried it exactly as written and threw the whole thing away. I tried it a second time using the Nestle recipe on the chocolate chip bag and they were delish! Don't cook too long (even if the center is still underdone) as they harden a bit once removed from the cooker. Great if you like a soft cookie with a scoop of ice cream on top!
I'm a relatively new slow cooker user and I have to say I'm baffled. Why on earth would anyone make cookies in a slow cooker? In less than an hour, you can make freshly baked cookies in the oven. I thought slow cookers were meant for having dinner ready when you get home from work!
This was the most absolute horrible experience. A total waste of time and ingredients.Reccommend to remove this disaster, as a totally un-funnie joke!
Although you can make chocolate chip cookies in a slow cooker, I would not toss out my cookie sheets quite yet. I made these as directed, but by the time I went to tilt the cover, they were already quite burned. Perhaps there is too much butter, and not enough sugar, as they are not sweet. A waste of time, ingredients, and effort. Back to the regular method!
Yes, you can make chocolate chip cookies in a slow cooker, but do not throw away your cookie sheets just yet. I set the cooker and left it for 2 1/2 hours, thinking I would tilt off the cover at that time as directed. Instead, the giant lump smelled and was burned. I turned off the cooker and removed the insert. When the cookie emerged, it had a 1/2 inch think burned crust, and the remaining parts were not tasty. Perhaps there is too much butter, or not enough sugar, but this is not worth the time, ingredients, and effort. Regular way is best!
Didn't read the other review until after I had made the cookie, mistakenly using only 1/2 cup butter instead of the called for 1 cup. Sounds like it was a good mistake. Was worried they would turn out dry when I realized what I had done, but it actually turned out pretty well...similar texture to a brownie but tasting like a chocolate chip cookie! Would be really good with a scoop of ice cream on top. I would think 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup butter is plenty .
Didn't read the other review until after I tried the recipe...mistakenly using only 1/2 cup butter instead of the called for 1 cup. Was a bit worried they would turn out dry and crumbly, but didn't work out too bad, much like a brownie actually. Would be really good with a scoop of ice cream on top. I think 1/2 cup to 3/4 cup butter would be plenty.
I was intrigued at the idea of making cookies in the crock pot, since I live in a hot climate and hate to turn on the oven in the summer. No one had previously reviewed this recipe, so I knew I was on my own. Guess what - totally disgusting. I followed the recipe to a T, and was sorely disappointed. The ratio of butter to dry ingredients is quite high, double what is called for in a typical "toll house" cookie recipe, and the end result was predictably oily. Oil actually pooled on top of the "cookie" while it was in the crock pot. Gross. The excess oil also created a nasty crust on the sides and bottom of the cookie. It was absolutely inedible (which is saying a lot, as I can usually stomach anything with chocolate chips in it)!Not so good. The recipe is off and as other reviewers said there is not enough water in initial cooking and not enough sugar. Pretty simple dish so I would just try another recipe.
I also had to add a bit more water to cook rice initially. I also added a bit more sugar. It dries up in the fridge if you don't serve immediately, but just add some cream/milk and it warms up nicely in the microwave. The cinammon sticks is the key ingredient, no doubt!
This is pretty good, but needed a little more sugar. I added 2 Tbsp. of sugar toward the end, and used a bit of ground cinnamon at the beginning and toward the end since I didn't have any sticks in the house. I also had to add about 1/3 - 1/2 cup of water two times toward the end since the rice was getting too dry. Finally, I added a little vanilla extract, too. This was much faster than baked rice pudding and not too sweet like a lot of puddings... I'm having some for breakfast.I had fun making these! They were very quick to make and easy clean up. I got great feedback from the party I made them for too. I wasn't able to use the star tip or real pastry bag but it ended up fine. They looked more like funnel cake but still delicious.
Good taste, but oil temp is very hard to control. Probably over browned a bit.
I used a professional fryer so I know I had consistent temperature oil and these still didn't turn out well. They were very dry.
BAD RECIPE
do not make these churros without professional help or experience. These churros taste BAD and they burn very easily when you depp fry them.I agree that this should be deleted from the site - I'm looking for a good coffee ice cream recipe and get... this! I also agree with "Realityville" that there are plenty of great ice creams at the grocery store. I just won't be searching recipes for them if that's what I want.
This is a no-brainer recipe (and very tasty, I might add :)) but sometimes it is just what the doctor called for- especially after a long day of "taking care of business". A person could make a million modifications and variations on this recipe and have it be successful. Thanks for posting the "Why didn't I think of that?"s as well as the gourmet!
Unbelievable. Shame on all three of you! I guess you're lucky(?) enough to have plenty of time on your hands that you can spend baking and making ice cream from scratch all the time. Some of us live in the real world and don't have the time or sometimes just the energy to do that -- that's the time when recipes like this come in handy. My kids love stuff like this, and it's so easy that I or they could put it together in a snap. It might not be "fancy fare", but who wants fancy schmancy every day? Besides, not everyone is as "worldly" or "gourmet" as you three believe yourselves to be. Oh, BTW, there are so many quality ice creams around, it's not necessary to make it from scratch all the time. In fact, there are lots of higher-end edibles around now so it's not necessary to make EVERYTHING from scratch. Sheesh, grow up!
I typed in "Ice Cream" into the search engine. I just bought a suped up Ice Cream Machine and I was dying to try it out. I was appalled that this was even included. "Hey, I know... let's dip a chocolate bar into a jar of peanut butter! That sounds so epicurian!" I concur with the previous poster... delete this monstrocity.
How convenient..you can go to Wendy's and call it out. Ditch this from the site.
um...should epicuious even bother investing space for recipes fom "too busy to bake"? what in the world. this is embarassing. this is not a recipe, its a list of random things that go good together. like: graham crackers, peanut butter, and m&m's...Mon Dieu ! Personne dans leur bon esprit appellerait le Coq au Vin ! S'il vous plaεt enlever cette recette du dossier.
Atrocious! This would end up as a soggy mess. Even though I haven't cooked this, I know enough about cooking to predict how this would end... in tragedy.
Dobson is slamming a person whom he calls a "Frenchman," when that so-called "Frenchman" hails from Brussels, Belgium. Sort of like calling this recipe coq au vin, oui?
This is fine if you have all the ingredients on hand and want to make something quick for two. But I agree with the other reviewers. Please change the name. Don't make an everyday slop dinner -- in the microwave no less -- and give it the same name as one of the most sublime French culinary creations.
Although, admittedly, I did not make this dish and don't intend to due to the use of the microwave (agreeing with most who reviewed this one), I did find it odd that the Dobson fellow had so much negativity directed toward the French fellow when all the French fellow did was to say what just about everyone else (Americans) had to say: this dish shouldn't be cooked with a microwave. I think Dobson's real problem is with the foreigner and he should keep his comments limited to the discussion of this recipe, rather than the so-called technological advances of America. Yes, I am American... and No, I do not like the idea of microwave cooking for most dishes. I'm with Dallas, New York and the Frenchman on this one.
It sounded too quick to come close to this classic French feed...but if its fast chicken your looking for, try the Colonel. Delete this recipe. Or send it to Readers Digest.
All right... I tried this recipe... hmmm... not so great. BUT!!! It did make a decent Tom Kah Gai later with the addition of vegetables, coconut milk and red curry paste.
I am for changing the name. When I go to this sight for a classic recipe, I expect to see the classic recipe. Not that I won't try variations, its just that the title should indicate this.
I notice that those who dislike this recipe had not actually tried it, which seems silly. It seems to be an adaptation of a Barbara Kafka version, which she diplomatically calls something like Chicken in Red Wine. Coq au Vin it may not be, but it's vastly better than the same-prep-time alternative-- heating up a frozen dinner or ordering out. I cooked the Kafka version the other night, and it was on the table in half an hour, along with a risotto, home-made bread and a garden salad. Few Luddite food snobs ate as well that night, in my opinion.
wow...people are really emotional about this. Maybe they should just change the name...it probably tastes good-- just not like coq au vin. who cares? If this is a palatable microwave dish, I don't see why the name should make any difference. Make it, and find out. As of yet, I see no well-founded complaints.
I wouldn't make this recipe. A better choice if you're looking for a "shortcut" is to follow a standard, traditional coq au vin recipe but use rock cornish game hen in place of the rooster. Everything is about the same but the hens need simmer only half an hour or so - I cut them into four pieces and serve two per person. Turns out wonderful!
You don't have to live in Europe to realize that slow cooking on a real stove is essential for traditional dishes like Coq au Vin. What a terrible recipe this is! I do feel bad for anyone who's never had this delicious dish and decides to try this "version" to see. Shame on you, Gourmet! Though we don't all have lots of time, we do still want dishes that taste good; we have come to expect better from you.
Horrid, how can one call that a "coq au vin"
While I haven't a clue what this recipe would taste like, I think I can safely say I would rather eat this than be forced to spend an evening with the Frenchman who wrote the first review. If you don't appreciate American microwave technology, get off my cloud. Some of us want to live the dream, not just look at it from accross the Atlantic. Send us your food and we'll make it better. Personally, I commend the author of this recipe for his/her dedication to the advancement of cooking techniques.
I don't know how you dare to call this recipe a gourmet.I don't think that microwave should be used in cooking at all.This recipe is just a disgrace!!You should just go back to college and study again because you forgot what cooking was all about.Both as a cook and french,I'm very surprised(to not say more)to find this kind of recipe in your site.Let's hope you'll make better in the future?
This traditional dish doe not merit the treatment provided at this recipe. Follow a classical recipe - take your time, use good pork fat back, spend your money on good bottle of burgundy, peel baby onions one by one, marinate it overnight, thicken the sauce with beurre manier. Yes, use a good free range chicken instead of an old cock - but please do not use this degenerated microwave recipe - call it anything else - but not a coq au vin. Note for those even more orthodox than me - you may call my version "poulet au vin". But - done the right way - IT WILL TASTE LIKE HEAVEN!
Come on Gourmet, get your act together. A microwave?
How could you not have a traditional recipe for coq au vin in your files? Who has ever heard of a microwavable coq au vin, who would want to even try this recipe?
This is not Coq au vin. Call it whaterver you want, but when you use traditional and original denominations you must follow the basic rules of cooking. This is very desappointing. When one opens what is called the "Gourmet" section and finds so many errors in the recipy and the preparing.This could be any recipy for any dinner. You did not take consideration that some of your visitors might know something about french cooking and are happy to see sites like yours on the web. One choose one's standard, and impose it, but in this case, please raise it.i'm delighted to have come across this recipe and will probably be making it a couple mornings a week... i replaced the butter with bacon fat and in re-oiling the pan, used lots more than was called for. besides that followed the recipe. used stone-ground white cornmeal.
use 1/2 corn meal,& 1/2 flour. cut salt in 1/2. roast the corn. add minsed scallion, & jalapeno. so basically this recipe sucked.
use 1/2 corn meal,& 1/2 flour. cut salt in 1/2. roast the corn. add minsed scallion, & jalapeno. so basically this recipe sucked.
Very bland. Not worth the effort.
Very good with honey butter or just honey
These cakes were a bit bland. If I did make them again, I would serve them with honey butter OR spice them up with some jalepenos and cheese.I don't understand why this made one reviewer sick. I have never eaten anything that has made me "vomit for days". I took the advise of the other cooks and spruced it up a bit, that is why I only gave it 3 forks. I'm curious though, did anyone else experience gas from this? That was my main complaint. I'm not used to tofu and am trying to modify my diet to a healthier one. I fixed this for my girlfriend and myself just before going to a movie. At first, I thought it was the popped corn that was giving me gas, but my girlfriend seemed to have the same problem. It started out quiet, but then grew to enormous perportions. I noticed a little sqeak of a fart coming from my girlfriend and then from myself. After a while, we were both bombing each other and those in the theater with full blown elephant roar farts. I suppose that I should buy some beano for the next time, or serve it when I'm going to be in the woods camping...not hunting.
betcha his tofu was bad. anyhow, good cooking is often about modifying ideas to make it personal - i think this recipe is just fine if you tinker with it a bit. using broth, other herbs (i personlly like the flavour of oregano with corn) and whatever else. relax people, the recipe is not meant to offend.
Tofu does not taste like cream. It made this soup too watery. I didn't vomit unlike a previous reviewer, it was too bland.
After reading the ingredients for this recipe I had to wonder- WHERE"S THE REST OF THE INGREDIENTS??????????? I gave it 2 forks because I added a few ingredients- Onions, garlic, peppers, potatoes, mushrooms, and did not use as much water as the recipe called for. I really think it's good and can't imagine how one could get sick from it (unless they forgot to actually COOK the soup-- LOL).
Why didn't I read the reviews before making this recipe? While I think that the one reviewer who got sick was rather melodramatic, I was not impressed with the end result. After simmering the corn and adding the tofu, the soup was watery and bland. I tried simmering the soup to thicken it up and the tofu/corn/water combination separated to a yucky consistency. I wouldn't recommend this recipe, but if you were compelled to make it for some reason, I would follow the suggestons to add onions, garlic or peppers and I would use less liquid!
Though I will not make this recipe because of several cooks' opinions and the rather unlikely combination of ingredients, one wonders that perhaps the eight cocktails that preceeded the one cook's experience with the recipe might have had some affect on the "days of vomiting". I personally have not experienced any discomfort with any of the ingredients independently. :)
Hmmm, we Canadians must be hardier souls, and much easier to please, than those who tried this recipe. Ms Marakesh should see a physician if the simple combination of tofu, water, corn and basil made her vomit for days. Our family really liked it -- in fact, it has become a family regular. Having said that, I rated the recipe a "2" because I enhanced it a bit. I added onions sauteed in a little butter, some red pepper seasoning, and cooked several sprigs of basil along with the broth. After blending the broth/corn/tofu mix, I added a couple of chopped (previously steamed) potatoes. Delicious!
After reading the reviews, I won't make this recipe. I wonder why Marrakesch, Morrocco made it? Hope she/he recovered OK.
This dish left me vomiting for days. I would not reccomend this to anyone, in fact, if you dont want to cough up your stomach, DO NOT MAKE THIS RECIPE, it is harzardous to health
One word, honey, "STANK!"
Blech! Something about the tofu really did not complement this recipe. Even after dressing it up with roasted chilies and red peppers, this was not an appealing dish. Go for the full-fat cream-intensive versions of a corn chowder.
Boring - boring. As a vegetarian, I realize the benefits of tofu -- but a real chowder benefits only from cream! I tried to spruce up this recipe - but in the end my suggestion is to use a different one!The Kornblau's Special was actually a #31 on the menu. The secret there was to use coleslaw that was made "clear' so the taste of the corned beef was not compromised by the cole slaw. Kornblau's also served a side of cole slaw that was "creamy" but used the clear variety on all sandwiches.
Corn Beef and Coleslaw on Rye with Russian dressing was a deli staple back in Jersey. (they called it a "number one") Don't go to all the trouble of making it this way. Just buy some good rye, thin sliced corn beef and a tub of decent coleslaw. Slather some bottled Russian dressing on the top slice of bread and your good to go. Forget the mustard!
This is reminisint of a sandwich made by a restaurant named Kornblau's in Atlantic City, New Jersey during its heyday as a beach resort town in the 50's & 60's..That sandwich was magificent made on jewish rye, and the slaw made with russian dressing.....Try the variation if you love deli sandwiches......
I guess I like my corned beef on rye with mustard and my cole slaw on the side or not at all.As previously stated, "bacon is not crackling" and the recipe is "misnamed". I'm a Yankee and I've eaten Crackling Corn Bread years ago and it certainly wasn't made like this.
I'm a lifelon Yankee and even I know that calling this recipe "crackling cornbread" is heresy. Heresy, I say! I carved a bunch of the fat off our Christmas ham carcass, chopped it into little bits, rendered it, drained the resulting cracklings and proceeded as the recipe says, using about half the specified grease. It was still not quite authentic, but successful nonetheless.
Bacon is not cracklings so the recipe is completely misnamed. In any case, save the bacon fat for hamburgers. This is lousy.
Damn yankees.
Cracklin Corn Bread? Bacon bread is more like it... my mom is 87 years old from Alabama and thought this was a joke. The creator of this recipe had to be a Yankee.
I made this last weekend and its the best thing I have ever tasted! Mmmmm bacon!! - I love it!
Too much bacon!!
This recipe is not cracklin' cornbread!! Where are ya'll from? Obviously not the SOUTH where cracklin cornbread originated. Crackling Cornbread is made from cracklings not bacon. Get your recipes straight!
I don't know what Ginger Adams did, but this was reprehensible. I'd like to say I think I made it wrong, but I didn't--I was apprehensive about this recipe from the beginning; just look at the ingredients list! What is in it to give it any flavor? I'll tell you: bacon grease. It tasted overpoweringly of bacon grease. You couldn't even taste the bacon for the grease. Nasty!!!
Not the cracklings my grandmother used in her cornbread....better!! This is a wonderful recipe. Easy and delicious.I added a small clove of garlic and an extra tablespoon of lemon juice. Yummy.
This dressing is too bland for my taste. Perhaps it could be perked up with a dash of tabasco or something.
This recipe is light, but lacks flavor. The strongest flavor is the shallot & it overwhelms the rest of the vinaigrette.I didn't read the other reviews until I'd already made it, scary, I thought I was going to have to throw it out. The stuff is not to be consumed alone or in big spoonfuls but we used it on the side to spice up a brown basmati rice/veggie casserole, Kids don't like spice. The grownups used a tablespoon or two of this sauce -- it was pretty good. My husband likes it and says it mellows a bit after it sits a while. I didn't have lemon juice so I used rice wine vinegar.
Yech! I've really liked just about everything I've found on this site, but this one....the flavors just do not go together. Too much curry, too much acid from the tomatoes. My will-eat-anything hubby made himself a peanut butter sandwich, and one for me too.
The curry flavor of this sauce was too strong - too much just curry. (This coming from curry lovers).you really need to blend this very fine in order for it to turn out. I've been making my son's breakfast cereal (started with rice and now he eats a multi-grain variety) for over six months and the only way i've found to get the grains fine enough is to use a coffee or spice grinder.
This didn't work *at all* for me! I ended up with a chunky rice mixture that my baby choked on. It was MUCH easier to put the rice in the blender (not the food processor) after it was cooked, not before.
For some reason I never thought to put the rice in the food processor BEFORE it is cooked! Thanks to this recipe, I'll be saving myself some mess next time. I appreciate the baby-food recipes a lot since I have almost exclusively made my daughter's baby food fresh. (My mother-in-law asked when I was going to feed my daughter the food from the jars. She was confused when I indicated the answer was: Never! ...she doesn't cook much.)I think the thawed frozen yogurt is supposed to be an substitute for creme anglaise. If that's the disired outcome, better to use thawed good, rich vanilla ice cream. I also agree that fresh berries and day old bread are the way to go.
Light & easy spin off of the traditional Summer Pudding. The Angel food cake dissolved under the pressure of the fruit syrup and I also agree that the thawed frozen yogourt was ugh! I'll try again with a larger variety of beautiful British Columbia's soft fruits in season and I'll stick to my plain old french bread instead of the cake. Otherwise Summer Pudding is deliciously sweet and irresistible.
What pudding? This recipe is confusing me, am I alone? Drizzle melted froz. yogurt over all? Ugh!I liked this dish; the mushrooms tasted really good after being cooked in the sauce and tossed with the pasta. I thought 3 tablespoons of thyme was a bit much for me, so I reduced it significantly.
This was very bland. I tried adding cayenne, but to no avail. The egg noodles overpowered the mushrooms and the garbanzo beans overpowered the entire dish. My husband suggested next time using artichoke hearts, but I won't try this recipe again.
This was a waste of time and ingredients. Sometimes a recipe will pair unexpected foods and the result is great. I was hoping for that here but no. What was the purpose of the garbanzo beans? They didn't taste good with the sauce at all. The dish was bland, the cheese was calories without impact. Two thumbs down, don't waste your morels.The sauce was too watery, I was a bit disappointed. Never thought of steaming eggplants. Was pretty good.
Definite Indian twist to this dish. It's really quite decent (verging on three forks). However, it may be too intense for some. With the amount of garlic prescribed, it's incredibly garlicky. The spices overall do make it a little chaotic, but in the end I kind of liked it (I'm just that kind of guy). Maybe I'll make it again, maybe not.This recipe is ok only if you completely ignore the chicken fajitas recipe, which is terrible, and instead use only the Steak marinade.This recipe leaves a lot up to your imagination. I am a chef and have limited but some experiance with fresh pasta doughs. I do not recomend this for anyone. REALLY BAD
I tried this dough with all purpose flour because it was all I had and I've made pasta dough before with AP. It was a disaster. It was tough and dry and terrible.
Although I am the first to acknowledge that the amounts of eggs and flour can vary because of differences in the hydration of the flour and the size of the eggs, there really seems like there are way too few eggs here for the amount of flour. As I started out using the traditional well method, my original ball would have left about half of the flour on the board. I ended up adding an additional two eggs, three tablespoons of water and one tablespoon of olive oil in order to bring this dry ball together with the dough hook of my mixer. Perhaps my use of real italian pasta flour (dopio 0) had something to do with it?I had high hopes for this recipe - I'd saved the 2003 issue of Gourmet just for the recipe with the beautiful photo. The recipe must be missing some liquid - the eggs alone weren't enough to bind the dough together so I added just enough ice water to make it all hang together. The dough was incredibly sticky and hard to work with, and the recipe didn't mention dusting the dough with flour before you roll it out, so I ended up with a sticky mess of dough and waxed paper before I sorted that out. I could have forgiven all of that if the end result was tasty, but I ended up with beautiful, flaky pastry that tasted strongly of egg, and overwhelmed the apples. I'd have been better off (and wasted less of my weekend) if I'd used store-bought phyllo and made strudel.
Just OK. I made this along with apple tartlets with caramel sauce. The tartlets were not only much faster to make, but they were way more popular. I don't see the recipe on this web site any longer, but you make an apple compote by cooking 5 lbs of Granny Smith apples with 1 c sugar and 1/4 c lemon juice. Cut circles out of puff pastry, top with the apples and cook at 375 for 25 min., or until the pastry is browned.
I haven't tried this recipe yet (it sounds like a lot of work), but I was confused by the directions. It says to put oven racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven, but then only directs the cook to use the upper rack (two different parts of the recipe). Could it be that one part is supposed to be cooked in the lower third? Thanks for any help.I really didn't find this recipe as grotesque as the previous reviewers did. It was a little heavy on the garlic. Someone commented on the soup being to runny. I used home canned tomatoes, sqeezed the excess liquid out of them, and then put them in a food mill and the texture was thick but not to thick after I added the chicken broth. Though the garlic was a bit much the avacado puree balanced the flavor and really improved the entire dish. I will definately make this agian.
I wouldn't even call this gazpacho. I was disappointed I wasted my home- grown tomatoes.
As awful as the previous reviewers stated - possibly the worst recipe on the entire website. Now we know they don't proofread their recipes or make sure that the photos correspond to the dish. Do they also not test the recipes either???
BLECH!!! PHOOEY!!! YUCK!!! It's been a few weeks since I made this disaster and then, there were no reviews posted. I was wondering if anyone would concur with my intense dislike for this recipe. Well, thanks to Lakeville, MI, I know I didn't either do something completely off base when making the soup or had a bad-taste-bud-day when I was consuming it. I agree with EVERYTHING Lakeville said. I'd also add that this was a complete waste of my lovingly grown, fresh tomatos. Oh, and three bucks worth of avocados!
This recipe looked delicious but ended up tasting like chopped onions and garlic in tomato juice. The avocado puree was a great idea, but required a thicker base to make it work. It simply dropped to the bottom. I'm sure there is a better recipe for this!!I have to be honest and say that I didn't even make this recipe. I lived in Greece and this isn't bourekakia.....bourekakia is a filled--and most often-fried pastry dough with cheese and meat. To die for, really....
I found this as described light and flaky, however it had no flavor. I can usually think of something to fix most recipies but I can't think of anything to make this more favorful!
I've lived in Greece for almost 20 years and to the best of my knowledge Bourekakia should be a "filled" pastry. All you need to do to make this recipe more authentic, is to fold the strips over and fill with the cheese mixture. This is similar to "tiropitas", or cheese pies. Would you like more authentic Greek recipts? Send me an e-mail and we can negotiate. Kali Orexi, Janet HellisWhy all the haters? Ok its more of a set of instructions than a recipe, but its good sound grilling.
LOL at Marilou. Seriosuly, though, this is the second useless "recipe" epicurious has featured from Girls at the Grill. Give it up, Girls. You give girls everywhere a bad name.
Love this recipe!!I use it several times a day EVERY DAY! The only thing is I don't include the chicken!
so i went to the girls website, hmmm if you want to lose about 5 min of your life go ahead, pointless waste of information and space
haha!! seriously though?? that chicken is going to suck
This "recipe" is a waste of space and my time. Is there an editor out there?
seriously!!!!!! The ingredients are SALT and PEPPER?????/ this is not a recipe
What a joke
Are you kidding? Don't grill the skin side? A grill is not an oven. With this method, you might as well bake the chicken. "Girls", this is rudimentary, and not a good way to take advantage of what grilling has to offer. How this got onto Epicurious, I'll never know. Don't grill your chicken pieces this way, it's a waste of charcoal or gas!I thought this recipe was totally lacking in flavor. It's only good for use in a recipe calling for cooked chicken.
I had some ground porcini left after making the porcini crusted fillets from this site and decided to make this recipe. I thought the paste was too thick. It didn't want to spread under the skin it just sat in big lumps. I still was pretty good in the end but next time I would thin it out a little more.I agree that the tuna should be cut to about 1` inch. Do not over cook. I rated it a 2 because I overcooked it a bit, but that was not the fault of the receipe.
VERY disappointing! The mayonnaise had a very unpleasant taste, yet managed to be bland at the same time. I tried doctoring the mayonnaise with hot sauce, garlic, and even dill, but nothing helped. Don't waste good tuna on this one!
Get the tuna in thinner hunks if you can or cut the standard cut in half. Best grilled! Just needed something to add some flavor. Some louisiana hot sauce was the trick.I found that the grapefruit juice made the sauce bitter. Tried making a 2nd time w/out grapefruit adding a little extra oj and it was too much citrus, sauce is just okay. After two tries, will not make again
Well I was looking for a great grilled whole fish recipe and decided on this for lack of choice. A heck of a lot of work for not much bang. For me the purpose of grilling a whole fish is to enjoy the fish and while I was looking for a little spice, I will stick to a simple pepperoncini glaze.I am usually able to doctor up a bad recipe but this one is hopeless. It is baby pablum bland. The hollandaise kicks it up a notch, but a great sauce makes even a slice of Wonderbread taste good. Unless you are cooking for chronic complainers in a retirement home, save yourself a bit of trouble and open a tin of deviled ham instead.
My mousse rose well while cooking, but quickly collapsed when cooling. I would give it one more try with changes: 1. omit the salt 2. process ham more or use processed ham, mine had dry crumb-like consistency which I didn't like 3. beat egg whites and cream a little more
This needed sauce just to cover the bland, salty flavor. I am not sure what happened, but I followed the instructions to a tee and the texture was strange-grainy in the top layer and kind of slimy underneath. I have made salmon mousse before and it turned out great. I don't know what happened here.
This mousse is very tasty, but using the amount of ingredients given in the recipe results in a mousse that's only about 1 and 1/2 inches high, when made in the size loaf pan listed. Next time I'll double the quantities.Bllhhaaacckkk!!! This was absolutely disgusting. It came out looking really good, but the filling inside was like dry crumbly paste. I like the idea, and it was pretty easy. Maybe I'll try to come up with a variation of the filling and try again....
parsley& walnut flavours will be dominated by the garlic flavour.This is way too much thyme. I used dried and it was so much, it added texture! I would cut the amt. of thyme in half, unless you're using fresh.
I made this recipe with Portabella mushrooms sans the thyme and madeira. I sauteed 2 small minced cloves of garlic and 1/2 Tablespoon of minced red onion to the melter butter before adding the mushroom that I finely chopped. When the mushrooms were tender I added the flour, vegetable broth and added some cream to richen the gravy. Dlish.
Why on earth would you use those horrible tube biscuits when you've spent all that money on mushrooms??? Nope, wouldn't make this one again!!
Gravy was too intense - mushrooms and herbs were too much to handle.Lamest. Recipe. Ever.
Disappointed to see the Coleslaw dressing was not homemade, only doctored up. I haven't tried it (don't care for the sloppy store bought stuff). I think I'll keep looking for a Horseradish Coleslaw recipe
I think the sarcasm you refered to has more to do with stupidity, than anything else.
I guess the sarcasm from the other reviewer has to do with not noticing at all that this is to go with the roast beef wraps, but this--by itself--perks up store bought coleslaw, as long as it's not the too-sweet kind. It's good with roast beef sandwiches made with the rosemary mayo on this site.
Hey at least they chopped the tyme, but it's difficult to buy chopped, in most stores that is...The cookies are delicious but difficult to roll and cut. The trick is with the temperature of the dough. You have only couple of minutes to work with the dough, coming from the refrigerator, until is soft and unworkable. Add more flour, since stars melt apart in the oven. First batch of cookies came out thin and without any recognizable shape. I added more flour and the next batch was presentable. The recipe needs work.
I wanted to have a "first go at it" with this type of cookie. Our youngest has a star cookie cutter and she saw the picture of these cookies on the computer. This was a very tricky one. The temp of the dough had to be just right or everything stuck!!! I will keep looking for the right one to come along. Or, just stick to my fabulous fudge.I made this to serve as a dip for crudites, and was disappointed as the flavours did not compliment my fresh veggies well at all. It was much better on pita and crackers, but I didn't care for the mayonnaise base. Perhaps I will try substituting yogurt in the future.
I made this recipe for my ex-wife and her fiance whom I had to have over for dinner because of a wedding in the family. The food was great, a lot better than the company. I would definately use this one again. Here's a tip: Make really quick food when you have guests that you really don't want hanging around.More like Lemon Bricks with Cream Cheese. These were terribly dry - probably to make speading the cream cheese easier - and you need it to get a little moisture in there! The only good thing I can say is that they slid out of the pan easily. I wouldn't waste time making these again - try the poppy seed raspberry! Delicious and moist.
I altered the recipe a little based on previous reviews to make it more moist and flavorful. Well, I made it moist, but there was only so much I could do for the flavor. Even adding coconut, wheat germ, and more lemon juice and sugar didn't do much. It's not a bad recipe, but not it's good either.
1st - I always read some of the reviews for feedback. 2nd - I love lemon - but, did note that it lacked "gems", so I EDITTED ALOT! I added 1C coconut, 1.5C frozen Cranberries, 1/4C Poppseeds, 1 tsp baking powder (would have also included nuts, but didn't have any!) Exch 2C stoneground whole wh flour w/wheat germ for the white flour Increased lemon juice to 3/4C I live in Calgary, so altitude does have an impact. Preheated oven @ 400, red to 350 for 10 min and a further reduction to 300 for 5 min. EXCELLENT!
Wish we had read the reviews before making this. We did add a brown-sugar crumb topping to the muffins before baking which helped somewhat. If not for the topping, it would have been tasteless.
This IS the worst muffin recipe that I have ever encountered. It was extremely dry, with virtually no flavor. Please don't waste your time.
dry, bland and boring. Might work with heavy accompaniment but useless alone.i have had this recipe in my files for years -- i thought it sounded appealing. i wish it had occurred to me to check it out first on epicurious. i add my voice to the chorus: this cake is a waste of ingredients, bouncy and bland.
A terrible recipe: pallid in flavor, oddball measurement sizes necessitating too many utensils, rubbery in texture. There's a reason why you should cream your butter and then wet/dry ingredients; it tastes better and is no harder to do.
I didn't actually make the cake ... I used this recipe for compote, and it worked out really well! I served it over an assortment of sorbets and it was very nice. The thyme gives it a great flavor. Make sure you use firmer fruits rather tha squishy ones.
Thank you various emailers! For saving me the time NOT to make this so called disappointing cake. This recipe review is a very good thing...
I baked this cake for a potluck but ended up taking something else because the cake tasted so awful. The sugar, poppy seed, lemon and vanilla flavors never showed up, even though I let the cake sit overnight to see if anything would develop. Instead, the cake tasted like raw flour and cornstarch and had the consistency of a brick. What a waste of lemon zest!
I used this recipe to make cup cakes. It worked very well. Although next time, perhaps a little more sugar and a squeeze of fresh lemon juice.
The cake does have a heavy texture as the other reviewers mention, however, my children really liked it...probably because my kids love poppyseeds & the cake was not very sweet & does have a light flavor (the adults thought it was bland). We served it with lemon cream instead of the fruit compote which did not work well. I think a fruit sauce like the compote would work very well as the cake would absorb some of the fruit but not become soggy as a lighter cake would. Kids give it a thumbs up & it is lower in calories than most desserts. More like a "snacking" cake/bread (will go in lunchboxes around here).
This cake was truly disappointing. It cannot be called lemon poppyseed cake, because it only has a hint of lemon flavor and the consistency is heavy,like bread. I did not make the fruit sauce, because I wasn't sure if the "cake" would come out correctly. Why the 1/2 cup of cornstarch? It adds nothing, but make the "cake" tasteless.
I was disapointed with this cake. It was salty, heavy and bland. The fruit made it edible, but wasn't enough to save it.
I've never added 1/2 cup of cornstarch to a cake recipe before and wasn't sure it was correct. Did not like the texture, very heavy, and bland flavor. The flavorful compote didn't even disguise the blandness of the cake.Try this: 1/2 c. butter, 1/2 c. sugar, creamed. Add 1 egg yolk, then 1/4 c. lemon juice and 1 1/2 t. grated rind. Mix in 3/4 c. + 2T flour. Drop teaspoonfuls on lightly greased sheets (I have used additional flour and a cookie press with good results also). Bake at 375 about 10 minutes, till edges begin to lightly brown (careful-they burn easily). Dust with powdered sugar if desired.
Not a very nice cookie. Tastes like egg yolk too much.
oops, what a mess. Definitely the wrong amount of flour !!!!!!!!!!!!! What a waste.
I substituted the lemon essence for extra zest. They are nice cookies but spread too much while baking. I don┤t think I┤ll make them again.
What a mess!!!!!Emailed epicurious and they had the wrong amout of flour listed .Tried it again and it is still wrong.Will not spend my time and well earned money on this again.Wow. What a big snore this one turned out to be. So many promising ingredients and so little result. Takes waaay to long for what you get. Adding garlic sauteed shrimp did nothing to help. Just wasted perfectly good shrimp.
Very bland, uninteresting. Not worth the effort.
I would put olive oil in the pan. saute the garlic and add a little butter to the sauce and some parmigiano cheese
Novice cooks beware! When I added the red pepper flakes and wine to the hot oil, the contents of the pan exploded in my face and filled the kitchen with a red-pepper haze that sent my husband, my six-month-old, and me into coughing fits. Maybe I should have heated the wine first? I tossed the pasta with (fresh) oil, wine, the parsely, pepper flakes, and parmesan, and it was just fine.
I just assumed the quantity of parsley was a misprint. The 1/2 cup works fine.
This is one of my favorites, a simple variation on pasta with garlic that's easy to make.
I made this for my boyfriend and we took 5 bites total before throwing this dish away and making something else. The parsley is VERY overpowering. I would never make this dish again.Needs a lot more recipe tinkering to make it worth making again - not worth it.
Not a big hit with my family - kind of a thin flavor. I would recommend half the pasta - and I think I would add some cream to the sauce to thicken it a bit more. Vegetable flavors were nice, and there was a hint of kick (but I'd add more cumin and red pepper flakes) but the sauce was quite thin.An excellent recipe...for superhot gazpacho. If I try this again, I'll drain the tomatoes and jalapenos first. A good choice if it's a hot day and there's a bodega next door.total failure!!! they were nit nearly good enough. will not make again!!!!!!
baking powder? No, no and no. An unacceptable recipe for Passover and not so special you'd run to make it the rest of the year
I think the problem is that they don't let the mixture sit for at least 30 min. before poaching. I use the recipe on the matzo meal box and add flavorings to enhace and they are always perfect.
If it doesn't work for Passover, it doesn't work for us! Schmaltz is nice, but where's the seltzer?
I've been searching for the perfect matzo ball and even decided to render my own chicken fat to try these bad boys, but I was let down. They were a bit chewy inside and had little flavour. I've eaten the balls at the Second Ave Deli and either I wasn't able to represent them properly or there's some smidgen of family secret missing from the recipe.
This recipe has been published many times. It cannot be used for passover because of the baking powder. The matzoh balls made from the mixes, Streits, Goodmans, Manischevitz, are consistently good and save much time and anxiety. I recommend them and I particularly like Goodmans, 50% less salt matzoh ball mix. With the mixes you always know what you are going to get. I also like to put a very little bit of cinnamon in the mix but of course you could add anything you wanted.
These are very fluffy, which is nice. But, they aren't as flavorful as I might have hoped. For a slightly firmer, but richer recipe, try this one: http://food.epicurious.com/run/recipe/view?id=108017. I might try boiling them in stock next time.I make a variation of this almost every day! Just to clarify for people who don't get the "dashi" thing... it is fish stock and essential to the flavour just as vegetable/chicken/beef stock is to western dishes.... By the way: "bonito" is the fish used to make dashi. For VEGETARIANS: The main alternative for fish stock ("dashi") is "kombu", a sea kelp rich in nutrients and flavour. It is used in all kinds of Japanese dishes with or without fish stock. It can be found at any asian grocerer, and most healthy/organic food stores, dried and ready to go. It adds that dimension you would be missing without dashi and is delicious in and of itself. Good luck all! Miso and other Japanese flavours are very subtle to our Western palates and could be otherwise construed as "bland". I didn't care for it at first myself... and some people never do... it's food and that = personal taste!
Don't bother making this without Dashi. And then add seaweed, mushrooms, etc. I'll make it again but not without Dashi.
Not bad if you're having stomach problems, but a bit of scallion, shiitake, seaweed, and daikon would give this a bit more body.
I didn't actually make this, and wouldn't because it looks very bland, like it's missing something. Once I read the reviews, everyone's comments about Dashi intrigued me. I didn't know what it was until now, and after I looked it up. Not that I wouldn't use it, but I am wondering if anyone knows if there is a vegetarian alternative (since it consists of the bonito flakes)?
okay... I'll try another variation on the 'miso soup' theme next time. ;)
How do you delete a recipe from the personal recipe file? I sdon't see a place to delete.
just reading the recipe was disapointing miso maust have dashi
Dashi is essential for miso soup. My two favorites are w/ kabocha & w/ onion & bacon. (these are authentic because I'm Japanese and my grandma used make them) Just simmer the ingredients in dashi and add miso before turning off the heat.
try this instead: 2 C water 1 tsp dashi 1/4 cup shiro miso 1/4 c tofu in 1/4 inch cubes 1 chopped green onions Add dashi to hot water. Do Not boil. Stir in miso and tofu and continue to heat for a couple of minutes. Serve with scallions sprinkled on top.
Dame desu! No bonito. This is pathetic. Didn't even make it. Don't even bother printing this kind of junk- It is NOT miso shiru.
Bland!
One more vote against making miso without dashi. Even in a small midwestern city, it is possible to get kombu and bonito flakes to make dashi from scratch, or dashi crystals if you're in a hurry- Go to any asian grocery. It's worth the effort.
You MUST have Dashi. It is so simple to make--- boil some kooombu seaweed in water and drain after about 20 minutes. Use this instead of soup. Burdock root is a great healing food and goes great in miso soup, as does bok choy
No water - can use veggie stock or seaweed stock or something like that but no no for water ! Has to have that special taste otherwise no go !
Not using the ingredients that give a recipe its character, perhaps because they are a bit controversial, is a very bad idea.
This soup is not worth the making if you don't use dashinomoto. Hondashi powder should be readily available at any Asian grocery store.This recipe was TERRIBLE!! The doughnut dough was VERY sticky - I had to use a lot more flour than the recipe called for and the custards were even worse!! Covering them before baking made them boil over into the water bath. I would NEVER make this again. It was costly and not worth the effort!! Not to mention, when I tried to get help from Bon Appetit - the customer service was useless!
The doughnuts were horrible....the dough was so soft u could not roll it out.....my husband asked me never to make it again!
Made the mocha custard, not the doughnuts. The custard was very good and not hard to make. Served in coffee cups (oven safe) with whipped cream and a chocolate espresso bean on top and Christmas cookies on the side.
Maybe it was just me, but this recipe was a disaster! It sounded great, but the doughnut batter was so soft and sticky it wouldn't roll out, and the custard was way too strong.These were kind of a disapointment. While they were fairly easy to make, they weren't anything special. I would recommend rolling the dough a little thicker because they are too hard to transfer otherwise. I just brushed the apricot preserves on right from the jar. I also would not let these sit out too long because the crust gets soggy. They are not very filling, so if your looking for a "lighter" dessert these are good.Really dull and way too much dill. It tastes as low-fat as it is. Hey Park City - the recipes are free and adding nutritional information is a lot of work. Why don't you volunteer?
This was OK for a really low-fat potato salad. The cucumber was a nice crisp taste that lightened the flavor. But if you can afford the fat grams, I bet there are other potato salads that are better.
i found this dish rather uninspiring. maybe my dill was too old but i will have trouble eating the left-overs!
Please put nutritional values at the bottom of each recipe. I pretty much know I must do a makeover on every one, but others might not.The problem with octopus is that it can get tough if not handled correctly, leading to an unappetizing dish. Pounding it with something to tenderize helps a lot, many japanese chefs tend to use large daikon radishes to pound it, supposedly because of its hard but not too hard texture, so as to not actually pulverize the octopus.
I don't think I'm going to make this recipe, because it doesn't appeal to me, but I don't understand why octopus is so expensive.. In California butchers and fish markets, it's very inexpensive.
what on earth?!?!?!
This recipe is very un-satisfactory. I bought very expensive octopus and followed the recipe exactly, and many of my guests, even those who loved octopus in the past, left their dishes untouched. I would never make this dish again.I used 1 1/4 baking soda and I could still taste it. It's very dry. I'm afraid I still have to find a good, easy cornbread recipe.
The baking soda taste was dominant and made it quite drying.
I tried this recipe twice and both times it was bitter from the baking soda.
I put the dry ingredients in a air tight jar and took it camping. When we were ready to make the cornbread I just added the wet product and baked it in a dutch oven. It was very tasty!
It would be nice if the quantity of the various ingredients was listed.The link to the Lemon Sauce portion of this recipe is broken. Lemon Sauce Recipe: http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/LEMON-SAUCE-5804
The link to the Lemon Sauce portion of this recipe is broken. Lemon Sauce Recipe: http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/LEMON-SAUCE-5804
This recipe is a poor excuse for tapioca pudding. I frequently make tapioca using the recipe on the box. I expected this to be richer and creamier. Instead I ended up with something that was flavorless with way to much lemon peel. Definately a throw away.
This recipe has possibilities--the lemon sauce was excellent, and the flavor of the pudding was good. However, the pudding was a bit too sweet, so I would reduce the sugar next time. Also, it didn't thicken like it was suppose to and I had to add cornstarch--maybe it's because I accidentally used nonfat instead of 2% milk. I think it's probably worth trying again with some modifications. Good that it's low fat.
This dish was very disappointing. The lemon flavor in the sauce was very strong and overpowered everything. The tapioca was o.k. by itself but it wasn't anything special. I would not recommend this.I tried this because I had a lot of fresh mint that I needed to use up. It came out better than I thought it would. The mint gave it a nice flavor but wasn't overwhelming. It's not my favorite quick bread, but I'd make it again. I had to leave out the olives because my partner won't eat them; it definitely would have been better with olives. So if you like olives, give it a try.
How would I or anyone else know because the recipe as listed was supposed to be warm chocolate tart,I believe, and it came up as Olive Mint Quick Bread. I wanted the chocolate recipe. This is the only way I could figure out how to let you know of the miss match.In step 4, just wondering how you salt and pepper "to taste" when you're blending raw eggs together. Why aren't amounts given, since you give amounts for everything else? Since using too little salt results in a bland recipe, it's important to give amounts, whether it's a diet recipe or not.
Needs a little more zip. I would probably use Cheddar cheese next time, or add sausage or bacon. Tasted too much like diet food. I will try it again, but add something.Really, really not good. I don't know what I was thinking. I guess the idea of the reduced sherry seduced me.
A fairly plain recipe. It would be a nice dish alongside something bold. I would suggest the addition of toasted nuts and maybe something sweet such as orange juice, maple syrup, or a little sugar.yes it was bland so next time I'll add some capers or something.
In a word...AWFUL!This is a silly waste of time. Fruit soups should be cold and smooth. Drop the fruit and sherbert or ice cream into a blender and sweeten maple syrup or honey if necessary. Add slivered almonds and a sprig of mint as a garnish.
Way too difficult and for what? Blend some peaches with melon or mango or blueberries, add a little white wine, some lime juice. Sweeten if you want to with honey and taste. Change and taste again. Fruit soups are the easiest thing in the world to make when you let the fruit flavor come through.
Peach tea is tea that has peach flavoring added to it. Stash makes a very good version. Look for it in your well-stocked coffee shops or supermarkets.
What is "peach tea" - couldn't make recipe.I agree completely with Bobbie...what a waste of ingredients! At least I didn't have to sacrifice a vanilla bean! The texture wasn't smooth at all and did seem to separate, and the flavor just wasn't there......I will look forward to an improvement over this one because I do love peanut butter!
I wasn't too happy with this recipe. I am a personal chef and I cook every day for people and I am sure I followed the recipe correctly. First, the top had too many bubbles in it and I guessed it was due to trying to mix the peanut butter in. Also, it seemed to separate after cooking. It was too thick and heavy and it really tasted like baked peanut butter. I have an idea on how to make a better peanut butter creme brulee, and if it works, I'll write back and let everyone in on the secret. Bobbie Personal Chef for Set the TableThis recipe as is, is not anything memorable. However, I found it tasted better before I added the tomatoes and olives. By omitting these two ingredients, (and perhaps the broccoli also, which you can serve as a side dish), you will end up with a very good mushroom/wine sauce, which brings it up a few notches. (It will have more of a French edge than Italian). I also suggest doubling the vegetables, herbs, and penne, adding 1 extra Tbsp. of olive oil, and using lots more wine, around 1/2 to 3/4 cup, and lots more garlic.(Add loads of garlic)!! In addition, toss the pasta with extra oregano, basil, and/or Italian seasoning, and of course, salt. I was sorry I added the tomatoes and olives, and if I make this again, I'm going to omit them. It will never be an outstanding pasta dish, but with a few adjustments, it should end up tasting light and flavorful.
Recipe read as worth a try. When completed it was beautiful. Tasted flat.
All ingredients sounded good, but hte taste was bland and blah , even with extra garlic and red pepper.As an amateur cook and professional eater! I am quite familiar with the taste of French bread and pesto sauce. When I search for a bread recipe, I am looking for a recipe that shows me how to bake fresh and sometimes exotic bread from scratch. Not the direction to purchase bread and sauce and spread one over the other.
ha ha I was going to say what Cook from Ct. said. How is this a recipe, exactly?
I made my own pesto, which probably contributed alot more flavor than prepared would have, but I loved this recipe. Just because you don't "cook" it means nothing--I needed a quick side dish for some pasta and this was a great idea I might not have thought of. My pesto had nice chunks of cheese and garlic which permeated the bread as it baked, so when you pulled the slices apart, each slice was encrusted. It was delicious.
I have to admit that I have not tried this recipe yet but may I respectfully point out to the previous reviewer that this recipe came from the "Light and Easy" special edition of Bon Appetit. If you're looking for something more complicated, may I suggest that you narrow your query to recipes only from Gourmet Magazine.
What an amazing recipe. Not. Ooh, spread pesto on bread. Warm and serve. Who are you, Mr. Food? Recipes generally involve cooking. My dog could have thought this one up.I followed this recipe to the letter and the "sticks" melted in the oven so I ended up with crackers instead. There's definitely something wrong in the cheese to flour ratio.
I agree with the reader from Vancouver Island, the ratio of butter and cheese to flour is way too high - I think the idea is good, so will just try adding pimento to my regular recipe which has 2 cups flour to 1/2 lb each cheese & butter.
I would make this again with changes as I liked the pimento touch, but they are too time consuming to roll into sticks (that don't stay into sticks). I would add a bit more flour and drop by spoon for a better shape. They spread too thin and broke easily. I followed your recipe exactly. My own cheese straws are much better!I added 1/2 c additional brown sugar, plus about 1 c dried cherries and 1/2 cup raisins....and it still only yielded about 3 - 8oz jars plus about 1/4 cup after cooking it down to being thickened. It tastes pretty good.
Not a *great* plum chutney, but a decent one. I added 1/2 c. more sugar than called for to cut the vinegar (I tasted it as I added, do the same), and kept the plums larger than the 1/4 inch called for here. It made a lot of difference.
Sorry, couldn't stand the bitter vinegar taste. Deffinitely a huge bomb.
I doubled the recipe and used my processor to chop the plums as it would have taken too long by hand. The chutney turned out very runny, so now I have 8 jars of spicey plum sauce. Would hand chopping have made a difference? I have never had a problem before now in chutney making. Disappointing.I don't know what "real" pot au feu" tastes like, so I can't comment on that. What I can comment on is that this recipe produces a bland, watery flavor. Would not make again.
Sorry to say but not very good at all. There is a fantastic recipe in the Gourmet Cookbook that is truely something special. Something to cook for a big group of friends just to show you like them. This one though, pretty bad.
There are much better pot au feu recipes out there. The florist should stick to flower pots.
Pot au feu MUST have rosemary. That┤s what gives the soup it┤s typical, traditional taste.
POt of Poo is a better name for this one. :(
Since this recipe is more pot roast and less pot-au-feu, I'd save myself a lot of trouble next time by using the called for ingredients and making it in a crock pot. It was tasty, just too time consuming Find a 'real' pot-au-feu recipe for pot-au-feu.
hmm...I loved this recipe. The meat was incredibly tender and tasty, and the broth...c'est magnifique! Ut took time, but it was well worth it. I'm already planning to make it again, next cool, rainy day.
What are we making here, onion soup or pot roast,the marrowbones are not needed,good homemade beef stock works much better, and it needs more zip, not somethin I would ever make again., sorry just doesn't do anything for anyonee that ate it, just too blah !!I found these boring and hard to cook evenly. I added some rosemary to the mix, but they still came out bland. I think I'll stick to regular latkes.
Comment about the introduction: the oppressors were Greek, not Syrian.
It does take some practice to succeed with this recipe, but the result is worth the trouble. I sometimes add some feta to the mixture. And you can always add some flour if the dough is too moist.
Followed directions to the "T", and after hours of prep time, "croquettes" fell apart upon frying/ browning them! very dissapointed!
a nice break from latkes, but, next time I would use corn flake crumbs instead of flour.Sorry Mario - VERY boring recipe. First time I did it, it was blah, so we went again, adding a few things such as bacon and lemon zest, much better, but really there are easier and better tasting recipes out there
Too greasy. Won't make it again unless I can figure out how to modify the recipe to lessen the oiliness.
Good, but not too different from roasted potato wedges - the potato slices didn't stick together at all because the pecorino wasn't creamy enough to bind everything. This might have worked out better (using the rest of the recipe as written) if I'd used a mandoline to make perfectly even, super-thin slices of potato that I could have overlapped neatly in the dish. I'm making it again immediately with some lemon zest, parsley, chicken stock, and milk added to the potatoes. I'll reserve the crumb/parsley/pecorino mixture and some of the zest for topping and browning at the end. Overall, this came out okay - just not as the gratin/casserole/kugel I'd wanted.Granted: Used 'house standard' ice cream with 1c skim milk, 1c whole milk, 1c H&H, 1/4c sugar and only 2 eggs. But: after that, used proportionate amounts of prunes (though 2x liquor to simmer so as not to burn) and caraway. Result: Not inedible ... but far from a keeper. Other changes: Removed most seeds, wish had removed all as tough, bitter. Color unappealing. I LOVE common ingredients used in new ways but this didn't make the mark for our palates ... PS My 78-year old food critic father says it 'wasn't bad' but he'd have left in more prune chunks so the fruit was identifiable vs obscure.
This recipe sounded so wierd, I just had to make it for my sister's Easter gathering which included her in-laws of Urkranian/Russian decent. It was very rich but the flavor was unique and unexpected ( most guests thought it was chocolate until they tasted it!). The egg yolk flavor and prunes over powered it all and I would reduce both in the next batch so the caraway/vodka flavor can come thru. The poppy seed cookies make the dish! They were great.Uh, this first-time rice pudding cook could have used some explanation that this recipe is specifically for kids and the consistency will be undesirable for adults.
to missbrattified...ya,ok, i get that the rice absorbs the milk before it is fully cooked, but this recipe calls for cooked rice. i liked it (with a couple of personal tweaks) as a great, quick and easy way to use up overcooked or left over rice.
I really didn't even want to give this one fork, as the recipe isn't even workable. First of all, the milk disappears well before the rice is cooked, so you have to keep adding milk or the rice would scorch--not cook. Secondly, what does eventually turn out is a gluey, glutinous, tasteless MESS--almost as thick as a soft DOUGH--and I ended up throwing it all in the trash. Epicurious should remove this recipe from their site--it's THAT bad. It's not a matter of taste--it just doesn't work. I will not make this again.
This rice pudding is pretty tasty but the consistency is like glue. During the food processing is where the texture took a turn for the worst. If the baby is older than a year old, chances are, she or he will be able to handle the pudding without the blending in the food processor anyway. Also, I added a little vanilla for a little flavor.OK, am I alone in thinking this recipe is as informative as one for a Peanut Butter and Jelly sandwich? This is silly.
needs more flavor,like garlic,oregano or basil
This can be delicious spiced up and pureed with any or all of the following: garlic, lemon juice or wine vinegar, fresh basil, dill, freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese, olives, or onions, and sea salt. Try serving it under seafood, poultry, meat or cheese.
Bland!! Rather than try to enhance this recipe - look up a different one with some spicy ingredients.This was horrible!! : ( I made it for a dinner party with my friends. After one bite they looked at me in disgust and asked for the phone. They wanted to call the nearest papa ginos to order pizza! Thanks to your recipe my friends will never look at me again... DREADFUL!!!!!!!
ehhh
Risotto is such a heart healthy way to eat - cream is unecesary.
couldn┤t agree more with previous reviewer. This is not a risotto recipe.
This isn't a bad rice dish, but it's not a risotto. I may try it with similar ingredients and a true risotto technique and see what happens. The gradual introduction of hot liquid into rice which has been sauteed in oil/butter is essential to producing the peculiar character of a real risotto - "al dente" rice, with a creamy mantle of slowly cooked starch.Did I miss something? Is this a recipe??????
Easy to make and tasty. The onion is essential for this dish.I substituted a handful of spinach, a broccoli stalk and a third of an onion for the celery root. I also used chedder instead of gruyere, and added a half cup of feta. I also added a cup of breadcrumbs to the mixture. I didn't let the cream go down to 3/4 of a cup. I also used a couple tablespoons of chives instead of thyme. I thought it was decent, but my boyfriend LOVED it.
I like bland food. It isn't that this is bland so much as way too heavy for the subtle tastes of the vegetables. I really can't imagine anybody liking this.
Made this dish for Christmas as one of the side dishes. Followed the recipe exactly, very bland, very disappointing. Wouldn't make again.
I made this as a vegetarian element for a ham holiday dinner. I had to use parsnips because my store was out of celeriac. I would not recommend this dish. It was very dry (even adding another 1/2 cup milk) and tasted somewhat like warm cole slaw. There is not enough cheese in the recipe to be noticeable.I'm in the same boat as the previous poster. I also found it in the new cookbook and made it for an Easter gathering. The friend who asked me to bring dessert has a large kumquat tree, so it made sense to utilize the resources. It looked terrific, but was profoundly disappointing in taste.
I saw this in the _Gourmet Cookbook_ and thought, "Wow! That's a definite for my next tea party." It was easy to make, but I strongly recommend using (a) a standing mixer, and (b) a Magic Cake strip. The result was handsome enough (though I forgot to top with the almonds), but the taste was just not winning. The genoise tasted very eggy, and the $12 worth of sauternes kind of amplified it, I think. I had a lot left over. In sum, I found it underwhelming for such an expensive project.I should've listened to everyone before me. This was awful. I didn't get the right consistency in the puree at all. It was watery and well put by someone before me, it tasted like cut grass. Blech.
The sea bass was great, but skip the parsley puree. It was terrible.
I had a wonderful laugh reading the other reviews and figured I'd never try this one...
The puree was like eating cut grass. Smelled alarmingly like cut grass as well. Fish was okay, but a more appropriate sauce is in order.
I wouldn't call this recipie incredible. There are many more interesting and flavorful sea bass recipies listed here besides this one.very exceptional. i didn't take the shrimp out of the package and it added a nice plasticy texture.
I only wish I could give it 0 forks...
You have to be joking.
What a pathetic recipe!
What is this doing on Epicurious' web site?
I can't believe the site I rely on for wonderful recipes and inspiration would post a recipe of this type. Leave this sort of idiocy to the "Box Queen" on that tv food show. Very disappointing.
Wow, Epicurious, this is hardly a recipe. It belongs on a page with Hamburger Helper tips and Kraft Kitchen ideas. Not what I expect to see on your website.3 forks with these adjustments: prepared shrimp and shallots as directed, season and remove from heat. When cooled, toss in cucumber, watermelon, feta and herbs. I was intrigued with the ingredients but not the process and, after reading the 2 unfavorable reviews, it occurred to me that watermelon should not be cooked, at least not in this dish. I'm prone to experiment on my friends and they were ecstatic!
I cooked the watermellon much longer than directed to create the syrup. That worked, but I didn't like the texture of the watermelon or the very sweet taste.
Thought id give this dish a try but it was awful. Tasted like shrimpy-watermellon. the flavors didn't go well together and it was very watery. I would not make this again.If you are going to invest 3 hours you can do much, much better than this. First, roast the stock ingredients in a 500 degree oven to carmelize them. Second, use a slow cooker to simmer the ingredients in the water. This allows you to set the slow cooker up and walk away for 3 or up to 6 hours. This recipe is too lame to be added to a gournet site. Shame on you.
bland
Yecccccch!
Very bland stock that can be used for any well seasoned recipe calling for chicken stock.I like to have it on hand and most importantly it is extremely easy to makeI should've listened to the other reviewer who was disappointed with this recipe. For me, it was a waste of good veggies and couscous. It was very bland. I would not make it again.
I think the recipe was carelessly edited; the carrot was left out of the ingredients needed, and the amount of couscous is truly alarming; I blindly followed the recipe, and was left with a huge mountain of indigestible couscous. I had to add quite a bit more broth. More to the point, I was disappointed in the flavor. Many years ago in NY, in a Glatt Kosher restaurant featkuring Moroccan food, I had the best veggie couscous I had ever had, and I was hoping this would approximate it. It didn't.Nice, but nothing special.
Hong Kong chef...You didn't happen to pour the entire cup of oil on your tomatoes?
YUK!!! way to much olive oilI made the recipe using a regular bay leaf and using chicken broth...it still lacked flavor so the next time I will add cheese as the previous reviewer suggested. The cooking method is very good. I also added a wee bit of butter at the end but it didn't add enough flavor. I'll try this again with some cheese.
I've now made this twice -- the method, not the actual recipe. I use chicken broth, omit the bay leaves and salt, and when the polenta is done, stir in some butter (a tablespoon or two) and some cheese -- one time I used a mix of asiago and ricotta salata (what I had left in the fridge) and another time parmesan. The method is really simple -- it takes time, but not hands-on time. And the leftovers are yummy sliced and fried in some olive oil...I haven't tried the recipe,but I red the reviews as I always do and I had a good laugh.
I haven't tried this recipe yet. . . Using buttermilk or souring your own milk will work better I think than using true sour milk unless of course you know exactly how long the milk will have had to have been sour. Personally, I do not know how long is the proper time, however, the aforementioned milks will work just as well.
Can we give this negative forks? I had to try this because I had sour milk. It tastes as awful as sour milk and cornmeal sounds. And, as a previous reviewer indicated, sifting cornmeal is insane. Fit for a king? If you want to overthrow the monarchy maybe.
Very moist, crunchy, not sweet.
Anyone ever tried sifting cornmeal? It's a waste of time! What's the point? You could mix these ingredients until the cows come home and they immediately separate as soon as you stop stirring. The end result was bland and boring; I will find better ways to use up sour milk. I plan on giving it to the squirrels in the morning. Maybe they will never come back.Okay the first objective review. I've never heard of Speidies or lived in NY. I made this recipe as written and marinated sirloin, chicken and shrimp for about 2 hours. It didn't penetrate the beef very much but did add flavor. The shrimp was great and the chicken was good with the marinade. It kept it moist. I made kabobs and no pita bread. Baby potatoes, mushrooms and onion wedges rounded out the kabobs with corn on the cob as another side. Great dinner and very easy. But I have to say, I am now curious about the 'real' speidies!!
Wow! I haven't heard anyone mention Sharkey's and Lupo's in a long time. They definitely have the best spiedies and they have to be on Roma's Italian bread. I'm excited to try the recipe from Otsiningo Park - it looks great. And for anyone who is transplanted to the NC area, just fyi, the Harris Teeter and Lowes grocery stores do carry Salamida's State Fair Speidie sauce which is pretty good!
I agree - spiedies were introduced by Italian immigrants and the original Spiedie was always lamb. Being a third generation native of Endicott I cant even imagine a beef spiedie - ugh. The trend for chicken and beef spiedies started , I believe, in the later part of the 1970's while I was at Union Endicott High School.If anyone remembers the old man "Bootsie" that grilled spiedies out front of Kelly's bar and grill on Page Ave. (60's-70's) in Endicott - I would say his marinade was by far the best and was his own family recipe. Of the restaraunts I would vote Sharkey's the best and Lupo's a close second. As chance may have it I purchased one gallon of Lupo's marinade online and I purchased a boneless leg of lamb at the local food chain in order to grill spiedies for my 82 year old dad tomorrow. Oh - if only I had a loaf of Roma's bread !! Happy Fathers Day !!
I agree with others, this cook drank too much sherry before writing the above recipe. Here is the truth: In the Binghamton area pork and chicken spiedies are the most popular, even though lamb is original and beef, venison or other meats can be used. I like Sharkeys much better than Lupos. Here is the marinade for pork spedies from one of the yearly cooking contests at Otsiningo Park, NY: 4 lbs 1 1/2"cubed pork lion, 1 1/2 cups olive oil, 1/2 cup dry white wine, 1/2 cup vinegar, juice 1 lemon, 2 tsp season salt, 2 tsp blk pepper, at least 5 cloves minced garlic, 2 tbl fresh mint, 2 tbl fresh oregano, 3 tbl fresh basil. Marinate (4) four days stiring every day. Skewer and grill, basting as you go. Eat on chewy italian bread. Enjoy
I hate to pile on poor Charlie, but as a resident of Binghamton and particiapant in last week's Spiedie and Balloon Fest Spiedie Cooking Contest, I have to agree with the purests. Also, they were introduced by Italian immigrants and the original Spiedie was always lamb.
The fact is that you just can't duplicate the original recipe. As one who has tried many "copy-cats", it just can't be done. LUPO'S is the only way to go if you can't get to the Binghamton area.
I'm also a transplant from Binghamton and rarely get back to the area to replenish my speidi marinade stash. This recipe is ok but I have found that marinating the meat in a good store bought greek salad dressing gives me just the right flavor.
we make occasional pilgrimages to BGM for business(spiedies) but when faced with the cravings and no business to be done we make our own with lupo's spiedie sauce, available at supermarkets and also by mail from their spiedie.com site. Some things just shouldn't be messed with. and of course, they should be served naked(no veges-you can always have a salad) on the cottony kind of bread that used to be called "Italian"
The mystery of spiedies isn't all that much of a mystery. As the ex-wife of a Binghamtonian, I tasted both beef and chicken spiedies many times. It was one of my fondest memories of the area. Well, from what I can tell, this is actually a Portuguese tradition based on a dish called Espedatas. I made them for a cookout, and a total stranger came over begging me for the recipe. He was an ex-Binghamtonian too. I think the secret is the marinade, which must include bay leaf and kosher salt. It's really quite simple. If you want the recipe for Espedatas a la Portuguese, e-mail me.
Hey, c'mon now, folks....take it easy. Remember, the man has four small children.... Being from Massachusetts, I've heard of speidies, but have never had it. The name sounds Greek. Can anyone lend some insight as to what the missing ingredient(s) might be? The impassioned outrage to this recipe has really piqued my curiosity!
There were tears on my pillow ( I mean grill ), after I tested this recipe. Many Sunday afternoons I have longed for a speidie, foundation of my youth in Johnson City, and alas I thought I had found holy grail with this recipe. I should have been tipped off by the vegetable and pita bread hint. Blasphemous! If I'm not mistaken, it is illegal in Binghamton to use the word vegetable and speidie in the same sentence. Charlie better start running....
this was a good recipe but i was disappointed that it didn't leap out and yell "speidies!" to me. haven't had one in probably 30 years. in separate baggies, i marinated both lamb and chicken--and please note that he said more than once, that the veggies and pita bread were optional. i too served it on slices of italian bread. but what i'd like to know is how to improve this recipe? i haven't figured out just what is missing from this recipe...
I have to agree with the cook from Binghamton. I too grew up in the Binghamton area and lived on speidies during the summer. It would be unheard of to grill speidies with vegetables and serve in pita pockets. Also, anyone that's ever had a speidie knows that the trick is marinate the meat for a minimum of 24 hours and preferably longer. This recipe is for a basic marinated kebob - and should not be confused with a speidie.
This recipe really upsets me. I was shocked to come across it on this web site, because spiedies (a very regional specialty) are virtually unknown outside the southern tier area of upstate New York where I am from. Spiedies are fabulous food, but this is not a fabulous recipe. Charlie is right -- most people don't make their own spiedie marinade, because only a chosen few know how to work that secret magic which is the difference between the truly incredible spiedie and ordinary grilled chicken, lamb etc. Unfortunately, Charlie is not one of those people. If you want to try spiedies, order the marinade online from Lupo's or Caber Bros. Marinades (www.spiedies.com or http://bridgeware-systems.com/caber/), marinate your meat for 24-72 hours minimum, cook it on the GRILL, and serve them in a slice of Italian bread. This is how it is done. Pita bread and vegetables have nothing to do with the original spiedie sandwich. If you try this recipe you will probably not be impressed and no doubt wonder "so what's the big deal about spiedies?", but if you take my advice you'll understand quite well. I hope you do. You'll love them. I promise.This mousse was so heavy on the cloves, it tasted like medicine. Of all the coffeeholics at our house, no one could quite stomach this. Maybe if you substituted cinammon for the cloves, ala Mexican chocolate? Good luck.This is plain yogurt with sugary-fruity stuff mixed in. Ok, so rhubarb's not the "usual", but this is too close to my health breakfast of plain yogurt and wheat germ. In fact, I ended up mixing the strawberry-rhubarb stuff with a little more sugar and my trusty wheat germ, and it was quite good. Definitely wouldn't serve this to guests as a dessert item, and certainly not in my good wine glasses! Here's an idea - any fruit mixture cooked down like this could be added to yogurt to replace those preservative-rich expensive things you find at the grocery. Mango-strawberry comes to mind...
This was my first experience with rhubarb, and while I managed to overcook the vegetable, the dessert still turned out well. When I make it again, I'll make the layers thinner and have twice as many to improve the presentation. No one complained about a low-fat dessert!This turned out to be a mess... not only was it unattractive but it was nothing to rave about in taste either... the gelatin made it taste like glue had somehow snuck into the pie
Boy, is this a sloppy recipe! First, it says to use pasteurized egg whites for the meringue. Pasteurized egg whites will not whip, no matter how much cream of tartar you add. (In any case, it's unnecessary, since the meringue is baked for 12 minutes.) Then it says to combine berries, sugar, and salt in a pan and bring to a boil -- with no liquid! It's true, the berries would eventually release juice, but It's hard to believe that it would be adequate, and that the berries wouldn't stick to the pan first. I decided to try the recipe anyway, since it seemed like a good concept. I used 4 egg whites and added 2/3 cup water to the berries (based on another gelatin-based pie recipe). I also reduced the sugar in the filling to 1/2 cup (it was still a bit on the sweet side) and increased the sugar in the meringue to 1/4 cup (about right). The result was tasty, but funny looking: The filling soaked through the crust so that there was one brownish, gelatenous, strawberry flavored graham cracker layer and one layer of meringue. I will probably try it again with less water (maybe 1/4 cup), and I may brush the crust with egg white before baking it to keep the filling from soaking through.I can see why the other reviewers comments didn't like this one, but the key to this one is to bake it until deep golden brown - caramel colored and to keep stirring mixture. the cook time takes longer than this recipe states We love this recipe alone or with a good greek yogurt.
Very disappointing recipe. Would never make again. The hot water made the oats soft and gummy. This made the granola have a bizarre texture. Had to throw out the entire batch. Too bad I doubled it!
This is a bizarre recipe. I make granola regularly (with a different recipe), but thought I would try this recipe. I think the critical flaw is that the recipe calls for soaking the oats in water. The end result after I baked the oat mixture was a disgusting gummy oat mixture. I had to throw it away and go back to my original recipe.I was excited at first to try a recipe I thought would give me the delicious sweet chili dipping sauce I've had numerous times at Thai restaurants. It comes with many dishes, like the Tod Mun fish cake appetizers and roasted duck dish. Unfortunately, this is not the one, folks.I'm a pretty good baker - but these didn't turn out well. I made them as sort of the sweet potato addition to my Thanksgiving buffet and no one took seconds or asked for the recipe. Great idea - but once put together (and I followed the recipe as written) they weren't so hot The Adventurous Foodie
Although I liked these biscuits, they were not a hit with my husband or daughter. I will not be saving these to my recipe box.
I'm not rating these, because I think I screwed up. I thought that whole wheat pancake mix was the same as whole wheat biscuit mix, because (a) you make both biscuits and pancakes from bisquick, right? and (b) I could not find anything specifically called whole wheat biscuit mix. At any rate, these turned out terribly. One of the worst things I have ever made. Like dog biscuits, but with less flavor. If I were you, I'd just go find another recipe.
was excited to see this recipe - until I read "biscuit mix" how disappointing! :(
NO SPOONS: "biscuit mix"! Really? I would have liked to make Sweet Potato Biscuits but it saddens me to see a boxed mix in an Epicurious recipe. On allrecipes.com I wouldn't blink but hardly up to par here.Haven't tried it yet, but if I were, I'd do one of two things. 1) I'd make it Hummus style and make a chip dip out of it (a little olive oil, cinnamon, blend until creamy-ish). 2) Blend the ingredients and something spicy into a damp paste, fry them in little balls and serve that way.
After one hour of work (not counting the time spent searching for the pumpkin seeds), I ended up with a greasy kitchen and a mediocre party mix. On a positive note, the mix serves much more than two people!Recipe for batter is very easy compared to others. We sprinkled tofu with red pepper flakes and pressed them into the tofu strips before dipping in batter. We also made a dipping sauce of equal soy sauce, japanese wine vinegar. One adds a bit of sugar to his dipping bowl. Oil must be 350F or batter will be greasy. Keep warm at 325F oven on wire racks over jelly roll sheets. This is really a heat and serve dish. Does anybody know how the restaurants keep their tempura crisp and hot?
I haven't tried the dish yet, I just want to apoligize for the comments made by my fellow New Yorker. We are not all as mean spirited and shallow.
Blah, Blah Blah...hey cook from NH, did you try the recipe or what...who cares what you think. There are much better tofu recies than this one. Doesn't really hold up.
To Cook from 11/24: Foods cook more evenly if one starts closer to room temp. Good steaks and roasts (and many other foods) should always be brought out of fridge for a little while before cooking so that the inside is still not cold while the outside is cooked to death. As an aside (for a previous reviewer) I have been eating tofu daily for years, frequently at room temp and have never had a problem. It is a vegetable, not raw chicken. The important thing to remember is to change the water daily after purchase (per package instructions).
Why is it not a good idea to cook things straight from the fridge? is that a taste thing or a health thing?
I wish to respectfully disagree with reviewer "kensatake" from Vancouver, B.C. While it is certainly important to avoid cross-contamination of foods, I seriously doubt that leaving tofu at a moderate room temperature, covered with paper towels, for one hour, poses any health hazards. We in the Western hemisphere tend to forget that much of the world lacks refrigeration, and people are not dropping like flies from leaving food at room temperature for a sensible amount of time. We also tend to cook foods straight from the cold fridge - not a good idea. Note: I haven't made this recipe, nor do I intend to, but I just had to say my little piece.
I have read that tofu should be treated as meat: that is, it can breed salmonella and the like and SHOULD NOT be left standing (also be careful of cross-contamination of other ingredients)!! A safer way to "dry" tofu is to gently press the block between a cutting board and a cheese grater, allowing the excess moisture to be squeezed through the grater.
Rather disappointing. In my modest interpretation, the dish was edible but absolutely unremarkable (granted, I skipped the yellow beans, but then again I am sure that would not have helped it much). Much too oily in the end, and not even crispy as I had hoped.
I mixed up the dipping sauce, tasted it, and spilled it out, used another dipping sauce recipe. The batter had a nice flavor, but I was keeping the cooked tempura warm in a low oven (which has worked with other tempura recipes), and this came out all gluey, stuck together, and generally gross. If serving immediately from oil, this might work, but I was cooking for many people, and the original batch would have been cold before I was done. I will not try again.I agree with all reviewers. Steaming is the only way to cook a lobster. Sea water is preferred and if you can put seaweed on top even better. At least one lobster per person. To make it less messy, when lobsters can be handled, use kitchen shears to cut a divet into the tail, hold the lobsters up by the claws and drain all the water out into the sink. Otherwise your plate will soon be awash. I've seen lobstermen spear a steamed lobster and hold it over the fire (this was on the beach). Don't know if it improves what seems to be to be perfect. But haven't tried it. For a nice flavor, add some chopped fresh basil to the melted butter.
I honestly don't think I've seen a Sheila Lukins recipe on this site that has rated over 50%... Well at least now I know what to stay away from.
Steaming is the way to go. And colour is no indication of when a lobster is cooked. They often turn bright red within a few seconds after the heat hits them. Half a lobster per person? No decent maritimer would ever be that stingy.
In my experienc this standard recipe can be improved by steaming as Liz says. Add one inch of water and to this add one teaspoon of sugar. The time required to properly cook the lobster varies by its size. The goal is to thoroughly cook the lobster (they feed on carion)without overcooking, which causes the meat to stick to the inner surface of the shell. For 2 pounders I steam them for exactly 15 minutes after they turn bright orange. In this way the lobster cooks in its own juices and the fat is not diluted. I learned this from my neighbor in Shady Harbor, Rhode Island, an old "swamp Yankee" lobsterman.
OK I didn't make this recipe but I used to make lobster this way until I was set straight by a Maine lobsterman. Lobsters should be steamed not boiled and preferably in sea water. And half a lobster seems pretty stingy to me. I know 5 year olds who can eat a whole lobster!Mouth-puckering tart. Needs more sugar. Some desserts just cannot be made "light" - don't even try with this one. Stick to the original recipe and eat a small slice instead. Crust was uninteresting too.
Rather than being tart and refreshing, this seemed pretty sour. It's a good idea - it just doesn't quite live up to it in the reality.I didn't even to make this to know it's awful. Tom Yum is a clear broth soup, Tom Ka is coconut based. And the flavor profile is all wrong! IF you're going to attempt making coconut stock use young Thai coconuts available at health food stores.
appears incomplete...didn't have enough info to make
This recipe was horrible. It may be that you need to use a green or young coconut. I used a regular old coconut and there wasn't enough juice to make the blender happy. Also I ended up with so much fiber from the coconut once I finished making this that I was left with a green, unappealing-looking paste and not a soup! Something was clearly wrong even though I followed directions to the letter.
This recipe was horrible. It may be that you need to use a green or young coconut. I used a regular old coconut and there wasn't enough juice to make the blender happy. Also I ended up with so much fiber from the coconut once I finished making this that I was left with a green, unappealing-looking paste and not a soup! Something was clearly wrong even though I followed directions to the letter.
This recipe was horrible. It may be that you need to use a green or young coconut. I used a regular old coconut and there wasn't enough juice to make the blender happy. Also I ended up with so much fiber from the coconut once I finished making this that I was left with a green, unappealing-looking paste and not a soup! Something was clearly wrong even though I followed directions to the letter.
i cheated, and served it over cooked brown rice w/ a dash of sea salt. quick, easy, delicous!While the recipe is relatively correct, it contains a basic error re the tomatoes! Naturally a traditional recipe has many variations, but this one won't really cut it. First of all, lamb knuckles won't be first choice for the meat -- rather a more tender cut. But the most glaring mistakes are the wine and the single tomato!! Malay(Cape Muslim) cooks will not cook with wine. Secondly, this recipe needs 4 - 6 or more red-ripe, peeled, chopped fresh tomatoes. The idea is to use gentle heat, and the tomatoes supply all the liquid. If correctly (gently) stewed, it will not burn, and the meat will turn a tasty reddish-brown colour in the sauce. Personally I would not add cinnamon. Also, I use a shorter method instead of all that frying and taking-out-of-the-pot. A good pinch of sugar is always added because tomatoes can be too acidic when cooked. I don't have the recipe in front of me as I type, but it's a bit too fussy to be traditional. Trad foods are normally quite simple.
Lamb knuckles look like inch thick slices of lamb shank. I assume they are some meaty party of the lamb's leg that is cut in slices. Excellent for stews and curries, with a neat round marrow bone in the centre.
Lamb knuckles? Okay, I figured I could look them up in the food dictionary on this site. No such listing. There ought to be a rule; if it's not in the food dictionary, it shouldn't be in the recipe.
Excellent for a make ahead dishI decided not to try this after reading the reviews. I like the low fat banana bread recipe on this site with buttermilk. Just add a handful or two of chocolate chips and it is indulgent. Healthier too. Good Luck.
I must admit, this recipe is less than par. The amount of ingredients, I used for this recipe, is astonishing seeing as though the loafs of bread went straight to the garbage can. I'm so glad I decided to try one before I sent them off as gifts. The embarrassment of giving these grease filled bricks to my friends and family would have made my Christmas terrible. Don't bake these. Ever.
I'd like to take away the one fork - this isn't even "okay." It's wrong. Making mini-loaves is a great gift idea and one I do almost every year. I would NOT recommend using this recipe. I made lemon blueberry, maple walnut, orange cranberry, and banana ginger breads from recipes I found elsewhere online. The basic batter: 1/3 c melted butter, 1 c sugar, 2 eggs, 1 t baking powder, 1 t salt, 1/2 c milk, 1 1/2 c flour. Add 1/2 c fruit, 3 T juice, 1/2 c nuts. Add 2 T lemon or orange zest to the lemon and orange breads. Mix the dry ingredients. Mix the wet ingredients (incl. sugar) in a separate bowl. Fold dry into wet (don't over mix). Stir in fruit and nuts. Bake until toothpick comes out dry - it will vary but start with 20 minutes. Use the 1 3/4 c mini loaf pans - where do you find 4 oz. mini loaf pans anyway? That's the size of a muffin. This recipe makes three loaves.
I agree with other reviewers that there seemed to be too much butter and the quantity was off. Also, mine didn't rise at all (did I over-beat the batter?) and the mini choc chips sank to the bottom of the stiff little cakes.
I am infuriated! This recipe is completely missized. Maybe it makes 9 muffins but nothing close to a mini/tea bread. This close to the holiday I was hoping I could trust Epicurious; thankfully I have a can of solo poppy seed filling and I know it makes a large bundt cake; I can probably get at least 3 more breads out of that. I'm sorry for being so blunt but I got up at 4:30 a.m. to make these and I feel like I completely wasted my time.
I found the proportions and sizing somewhat weird. A four ounce mini-loaf pan is about the same size as a Texas size muffin tin, and the baking time for this recipe is much longer than I would use for such muffins. Also, the amount of butter, even for pound cake, is quite large; would you expect almost 2T of butter in one large muffin? I would rather make one loaf and cut slices; to serve more than 1 or 2 guests would require almost all the pound cakes in the recipe anyway. No big deal, even with the variety of mix-ins.Wow, just horrible. I can't believe they left out the charred ginger and onion, and the use of chicken broth? That's why you make stock with the beef bones -- that's your broth! And using mai fun rice sticks instead of pho noodles is odd, as are the missing spices. (as a side note, are all of you saying "pho thai" meaning "pho tai"? I've never heard of "pho thai" but in Vietnamese cooking, pho tai is pho with rare beef sliced thin.)
Omitted from this recipe are the 1/2-cup of dried grasshoppers (or 3/4 cup live); crickets are acceptable but not authentic. Fresh, whitebeard grubs are optional, but don't use more than a few tablespoons (add them carefully before heating so they don't pop: the stink is horrendous).
Recipe definitely lacks the full body and aroma that true Pho has, and I personally like the Pho thai bo vien, which is with rare beef and beef meat balls. Lack of charred onions and ginger, along with the omission of cloves and cinnamon definitely does not speak very well for true vietnamese cuisine. Please give this dish a try in a reputable vietnamese restaurant, but don't attempt it with this recipe.
Recipe definitely lacks the full body and aroma that true Pho has, and I personally like the Pho thai bo vien, which is with rare beef and beef meat balls. Lack of charred onions and ginger, along with the omission of cloves and cinnamon definitely does not speak very well for true vietnamese cuisine. Please give this dish a try in a reputable vietnamese restaurant, but don't attempt it with this recipe.
not good!. I expect better and more authentic recipes on epicurious.com.YOU DEFINITELY NEED:GINGER AND YELLOW ONION (ROASTED) FISH SAUCE,GLOVES,NUTMEG AND CINNAMON.. Pho is becoming more mainstream food in the world now, therefore more authentic recipes are essentials...
Not authentic. Need a medium onion and a 3 inch piece of gingerroot. Broil these two until slightly charred and add to the soup pot when you are cooking the bones. I would also add a stick of cinnamon.
was pretty good. never thought i could make pho at home, but was very surprised that it tasted very similar to what i would get at the best pho houses.
Good, basic pho recipe, but it's not a real vietnemese reciepe. This is just some American would-be. For a good, real version of this, try pho thai. Very, very similar, but much more elegant and flavorful. Vietnemese cooking centers more on herbs and flavor, and less on seasoning. Big key to cooking.
lacks the complexity of a good pho.Where is the Nam Pla, for example? Nice place to start, though.Why would anyone want to overwhelm the delicate flavor of vine-ripened tomatoes with vinegar?
While this is simple as it is...I make this with sliced red onion & crumbled feta cheese & people love it! Vine ripened tomatoes in the summer are a great yet simple dish.
I hope you didn't pay for this "recipe" - 2 ingredients: tomatoes and balsamic vinegar. The salt and pepper don't really count (and it doesn't include the salt as an ingredient so why count the black pepper???) This is how you eat tomatoes if you are in the garden - just bring out a bottle of balsamic - or standing up in the kitchen. I agree with the other reviewer: you ARE joking, right???
Very simple recipe. Perfect for a summer weeknight when you have excess tomatoes from the garden and not a lot of time to prepare an appetizer.
There are too many other ways to make a fabulous tomato and balsamic vinegar recipe. This is a joke, right? Who could not make this recipe better?I'm not sure what the fuss is all about. I've never made brittle before, but I followed the recipe exactly after reading the reviews and it turned out great! Just remember to tilt the pan when pouring at the same time because it will not move if it cools even slightly.
five tries! the last time I lowered the heat to 3 1/2 where I had been on 4. It took a lot longer. I also swirled the pan most all of the time it was on the burner. It says don't stir but once it turned to sugar I continuously moved the sugar like you do for aunt bills until it melted. It didn't thin out as much as when I cooked on 4, but it is not burned and can be used to finish the recipe, unlike all of my previous tries! Then I will know if it was worth it.
First x I didn't follow directions and added nuts at 300 degrees, wherein it turned to sugar. 2nd try I did same but continued cooking sugar & nuts till melted, but was burnt by the x it melted. 3rd try watched mix turn to sugar and continued cooking till melted before adding nuts. Says don't stir but I think you must have to break up sugar while melting to get it done before burning. Temp of mix was 360 degrees before all melted. This x mix burned but nuts not. Off for 4th try.
This recipe was a disaster for me, too. Tried three times (I also laugh in the face of certain defeat) but could not make it work. Off to try the Microwave Peanut Brittle...
Found a recipe for Microwave Peanut Brittle on this site. After the two messes I made following this recipe, I figured how bad can it be? Subbed 2 oz walnuts for the peanuts and 10 minutes later and voila - walnut brittle! Not the beautiful, clear, caramel glass stuff in the magazine but it tastes great and I think will be a hit.
I've made similar things before without a problem, but for some reason I could not make this work! Tried twice, and my husband tried 3 times (he does not like to be defeated!) but it would not set up correctly.The end result did not justify the amount of time and effort required to make this recipe. I used canned beans instead of dry beans to avoid the overnight soaking, which was fine. Major problem was that there was not enough liquid by the end, so I had to add chicken broth. The soup was not very flavorful... if I ever make this again (which I likely won't), I would reserve some of the prosciutto/garlic/fennel seed broth for the soup rather than using it all for the polenta.
I must say that I used kale instead of escarole because the store didn't have it. Still, I think I am able to tell a good soup recipe from an okay one. This soup needed much more liquid and the flavor wasn't like that of a soup that first has its ingredients sauteed and simmered for longer so the flavors develop. I think a soup needs to be simmered with a bay leaf or a Parmesan rind or a meat bone or bouillion to really taste good. My polenta didn't come out right at all. After whisking in the cornmeal and letting it sit, there was a thick layer of corn at the bottom and an inch of water on top. I stirred and broke up the lumps as best as I could and cooked it for a little longer. I knew it was too thin when I poured it onto the baking sheet. I still baked it but the flavor was not good to me. I don't like the flavor of meat boiled in water. Again, I think if the prosciutto was sauteed a bit before adding the water, it would be better. I think I would stick to my Italian grandma's polenta recipe and then bake it or let it cool on a plate before slicing. I do like the red pepper and fennel seeds in the polenta, though.The lemon oil smelled wonderful, but the final results were unremarkable. It was pretty plain.
I don't understand the previous comment at all; the ingredients and instructions seem to match just fine. I think I'll try substituting feta or goat cheese for the Parmesan, which I didn't think was that good a combination with all the lemon here.
Recipe ingredients don't match assembly instructionsMy sister recently served this during breakfast and I liked it enough to add more to my eggs and ask for the recipe. I'll definitely be making a batch to keep in the fridge. It IS very hot and it will light you up, but it's very tasty, too. I suggest serving another milder hot sauce along with it to add a little more depth, but with a few tweaks, this could be a real winner.
This stuff was nasty. I love hot and spicy food, but this stuff is hotter than heck! My husband spent two years with Hmong refugees and loves hot food, even he couldn't eat this sauce. It is not only spicy, but it has a nasty bitter taste that wouldn't be good even if it wasn't so spicy.
I like spicy food, but this is spicier than any hot sauce you can buy. It tastes very good for about 2 seconds but than the burn sets in. Be careful and make sure you have some ice cream ready to tame the heat...
Far, far, far too hot to really enjoy the flavor but it was fun to watch my hulking varsity football player eat a spoonful and try to maintain his "nothing is too tough for me" demeanor.
I was really looking forward to this salsa. I frequently work with Habaneros and dry them to grind to pepper flake. I followed the recipe exactly as presented. I tasted along with my boyfriend and it was inedible, I had to throw it out. I thought perhaps I could salvage it by adding tomatoes and turning into a very spicy salsa but I didn't even try. My mouth and taste buds were shot after this. I did go back and review the recipe and I wonder if removing the seeds from the peppers would have produced a better result. Unfortunately, I don't want to try again.
I was looking forward to this, I frequently cook with Habaneros and dry/crush them into flake. This was inedible. I followed recipe exactly and tasted and it was awful. After reviewing the recipe again after preparing, I'm curious to know if removing the seeds would yield a better result, however I have no interest in trying again.
If I could give this "zero" forks, I would. Followed the recipe exactly and was looking forward to a spicy, but flavorful accompaniment to chicken tacos. But it was spicy to the point of being inedible. I am certainly used to high heat in many of the foods I eat, but my boyfriend and I were both reduced to coughing fits when we tried just a small taste. Very disappointing.I think this was ok...I'd finely grate the zucchini next time, though, so it didn't taste so vegetably (I've had zucchini bread before, made by my mom's friend, which was moist and didn't taste like zucchini). I mean, the point is the make it healthy without it tasting so healthy, right? I might also recommend using less zucchini, maybe 1-1/2 cups instead of 2 cups. I made a number of substitutions to make it healthier, but I'd recommend cutting out the sugar altogether if you're using sweetened dried cranberries. You can't taste the sugar in the rest of the muffin anyway, so why bother using it? My substitutions: * buckwheat and whole wheat flour (1 cup each) instead of white and whole wheat flour; * 3/4 of 1/2 cup honey instead of light brown sugar (I had to reduce the liquid (oil) by 1/4 and increase the baking powder by 1/4 tspn to neutralize the honey's acidity; *low-fat yogurt instead of sour cream *no cocoa powder
Don't waste your time with this recipe. They are tasteless, dense and blah!
Larger muffins were OK but, even after 15 minutes in the oven, needed to be split and toasted.
This was a big waste of time and ingredients. As a previous rater posted, they were pasty, tasteless. Even tried adding more brown sugar and cinnamon before I made the second batch, but they were just as bad.
dull flavor, heavy pasty texture, disappointed...
meh. good but unimpressive. i followed the recipe exactly except i made full-size muffins instead of minis. it took them 15 minutes to bake at full-size. adding more cinnamon would be an improvement.just test
I would not make this recipe again. The first thing that I didn't like is that amounts of fruit were off - use 5 peaches and 3 plums. Otherwise you have too much fruit to fit in the pan, even heaped. The mix with the cinnamon was so so. The almond crust was cookie like in consistency and not terribly almond-y or tasty. I have a Patricia wells almond crust recipe that is wildly better. This was nothing special and was not worth the effort.
So, based on the description of this recipt, am I to believe that if I eat a ton of this pie, my skin will clear up? Sounds a bit counter-intuitive. In any case, I could since it's awesome though I'm not a big almond fan. Made it this way but might substitute another type of crust.I did a recipe search for gulyas after coming across it in a cookbook. I had never heard of it before. In the recipe I have it calls for lard, not butter.
Hungarian kitchen doesn't use butter in cooking meaty dishes. Never. Shortening (pork-fat) or Vegetable oil and mostly Smoked Bacon for extra bacon. Butter gives a strange taste to Gulyas that doesn't belong there.These may be a lovely cookie but PLEASE rename and recategorize them as they are not ANZAC biscuits (Australian and New Zealand Army Corps). Hate to go all precious on you but they must have golden syrup not maple syrup and butter instead any kind of margarine.
I agree with the other reviewers - these aren't quite Anzac Biscuits, and Anzac bikkies when made are most definitely not low far. I use regular margarine, and absolutely use golden syrup instead of maple syrup. Using maple syrup just seems... wrong, considering who the Anzacs are!
and these are not anzacs
Sorry, but that is NOT a low-fat cookie.For my Labor Day dinner party I tried a new appetizer that looked interesting. I will post it with the following caveat: anyone who actually makes this appetizer is out of his/her mind. I was looking for a do- ahead appetizer, something a little different and the below caught my eye, a cheese crisp that wouldn't be too heavy before dinner and didn't require a plate, utensils, etc. This is a *very* labor intensive recipe and the result is, IMHO, definitely not worth the effort or waste of good ingredients. I only post it as a public service in case some poor soul comes across it in Epicurious or an old Gourmet magazine Oh, and if you make it ahead (as I did) and want to "recrisp" them, putting them in a 350░F oven for 15 mins. is going to leave you with nothing but carbon. 30 - 45 secs. is plenty.
For my Labor Day dinner party I tried a new appetizer that looked interesting. I will post it with the following caveat: anyone who actually makes this appetizer is out of his/her mind. I was looking for a do-ahead appetizer, something a little different and the below caught my eye, a cheese crisp that wouldn't be too heavy before dinner and didn't require a plate, utensils, etc. This is a *very* labor intensive recipe and the result is, IMHO, definitely not worth the effort or waste of good ingredients. I only post it as a public service in case some poor soul comes across it in Epicurious or an old Gourmet magazine Oh, and if you make it ahead (as I did) and want to "recrisp" them, putting them in a 350░F oven for 15 mins. is going to leave you with nothing but carbon. 30 - 45 secs. is plenty.This recipe was a waste of time and ingredients. The crust tasted bad and did not bake properly. An absolute disaster.Made this with the Austrian-style crepe recipe, and I have to say I was unimpressed (rest of the recipe was good though). The texture of the sauce was thick and a little gritty, and the taste was not at all pleasant. This was just not the sweet, light sauce I was expecting, but more like baby food. My family liked it more than I, but no one raved about it.First of all, the phyllo needs to be baked at 400 degrees, not 350. Three-hundred and fifty degrees isn't hot enough. I bought phyllo dough, (Peperidge Farms brand)and in order to create the layerd look in the picture, don't stack sheets before baking -- one sheet per layer. The other problem I had with the recipe is that the yogurt mixture and apricots didn't mix well. Both are tangy and instead of complimenting each's flavor, it just tastes weird. For something for which you have to buy a cheesecloth and for which you have to think ahead eight hours, this deceptively simple dessert is not worth it.I am not here to review but found the recipe during another search. I have this cookbook, The Complete Robuchon, and it calls for 1/4 cup (30 g.). Shame it wasn't proofed before posting.
I have never written a review despite having tried and enjoyed over a hundred recipes on this site, but i felt it was important to mention how poorly crafted this recipe was and warn anyone against trying it without serious modifications. As the person before me suspected, they are NOT looking for 5cups of conrstarch. however, i went with the 30g. measurement which i felt may be approximately .5 cups. this too however was COMPLETELY OFF. I think the correct ratio would be to mix one tablespoon of cornstarch with half a cup of water rather than the other way around as written. Gross oversight here. Most frustrating was the homemade stock i wasted on this, along with perfectly nice white asparagus, and the hour plus i spent working on the recipe before adding this second-to-last step and thereby ruining the dish completely.
Clearly there is a typo here, since I doubt he intended to add _five cups_ of cornstarch :(I agree with the others. The editors of this recipe should change it to read "carnitas" to indicate it's kinda like carnitas, but definitely not authentico. I'm a gringo, but my carnitas are a hit. I like to take any inexpensive blade/shoulder steak 2 lbs.(veal, pork are best since they taste the same once spiced up). Add enough water or stock to cover. Add a couple Ts of chile powder, a dozen pepper corns a couple seven or eleven pequin dried chiles and several cloves of garlic peeled and quartered. Bring to boil then simmer for 1.5 hours. Remove meat and cool until it can be handled. Break into chunks (preferred over shredding cause it's easier and looks more substantial). Fry off in an equal mixture of lard (manteca) and butter in a med-high skillet. While frying, sprinkle with a cumin/red chile powder/salt mix to taste. TIP: The less you stir the crispier they'll be. Serve in warm double flour tacos..doubling up holds it together so you eat it vs. wear it. Use toppings that you like. Shredded cabbage, onions and lime wedges and cilantro are nice! And Corona, siempre!!
My recipe for carnitas is a crowd pleaser and gets rave reviews whenever I make it. My husband and kids love it as well as everyone else. You take a pork roast and throw it in a pan and cover with water. I chop an onion and a few jalapenos and mince a little garlic. I toss those in as well and cook it until it can be shredded together easily. EASY. Condiments include: sour cream, guacamole, fresh salsa, chopped cilantro, and chopped radishes. Put all of this in warm flour (or corn) tortillas and there you go. Add salt and pepper as desired to meat mixture. I am not trying this recipe either. Don't need it.
Okay, I didn't make it either for the same reasons stated. For those looking for "real" carnitas with an interesting twist, try Zarela Martinez' recipe ('Zarela's" in NYC): A few tbls lard Pork shoulder/butt - cubed to 1-1/2" Zest of 1 - 2 oranges 3/4 C Orange juice In heavy dutch oven, fry pork pieces w/zest in lard till crisp, 15-20 minutes. Drain off fat, add OJ and reduce (uncovered) to syrupy glaze - 15 minutes or so. Cover tightly and bake at 300 degrees for about 40 minutes.
I read the recipe and the following comments. I hope this ends the confusion. In the opening lines of the recipe it clearly states what Carnitas are. Fried pork. No more, no less. It is true, this "version" as they call it here, is so distant from Carnitas that in my opinion the title should be changed to avoid confusions. I did not try the recipe. So much Mayonaise in a "Mexican" dish is really not very appealing.
This "carnitas" recipe is a joke! I was looking for a new twist on the recipe but this was way out in space! I admit that I didn't even attempt this recipe. I was too scared of the outcome! Carnitas are usually boiled in seasoned water until fork tender, then roasted to dry out the meat so that it can be shredded. I like to think that I am an innovative chef, but this was unreal.
Now I am curious to find a recipe for the real thing!
not a bad recipe standing on its own without being called carnitas. Not the real deal however. I don't imagine very many mexican expert cooks being allowed in the doors of Bon Apetit
The only place you would find HAM HOCKS being refered to as Carnitas or used in any Mexican dish would be in MEXICO, MISSOURI! To taste the real thing...CARNITAS... is to know what an absurd substitute a poor ham hock would make. Also, you do not shred any meat is carnitas. T the meat is cut very thin and grilled after it has been marninated in lime and garlic.
Amazing recipe. Nothing Mexican about it. I have been cooking mexican food for all my life, and this should not be called mexican
having lived in mex for 18yrs. i am dumfounded to see a recipe so contrary to the real carnitas. i doubt if a mexican would recognize what this dih is or could ever be called, certainly not carnitas.This turned out too oily, and did not have a very good flavor.
I used this recipe to make mini-muffins. They came out so dry they were barely edible.we make these often, but without the peppers. Needs more oregano too, but we used beer to moisten and a little lemon juice. Much improved!
Can lose the peppers, and way way way too dry. On second try, I drissled the clams with half a bottle of clam juice then sprayed a liberal amount of olive oil over each clam. (also a good smattering of chopped garlic) It came out much better, actually pretty good, but I've definately had better. better luck next time
I found the clams to be too dry. When I order them out, there is always some type of juice on the serving dish, which my family usually dips Italian bread in.
As an Italian man who has been trying to recreate his grandmother's recipe for 30 years, (came close enough too!) I strongly recommend leaving out the peppers, and adding about a bottle of clam juice, or a combination of the liquid that comes out of the clams themselves and the bottled kind. This came out way too dry for my taste.
I love clams oregenata, but the dish takes quite awhile to make and this version of the recipe unfortunately turned out a very dry and not entirely cooked set of clams. If I tried the recipe again I'd bake the clams 7 minutes longer and use white wine with the bread crumb mixture.My guests liked it but I wasn't impressed.I've made this recipe four or five times and it's very good. Like a fruit cake, but more bread like, and the sweetness is nicely balanced by the tea flavoring.
I was looking for a way to use some dried fruit I had, so I made this. It turned out quite dry and rather heavy. Though the flavor was nice. I had it with tea. I wouldn't make this again.We tried this as a quick weekday dinner, and it was very disappointing even though we weren't expecting a lot. Would not do this again. There are lots of other excellent & fast recipes out there.
Umm... of course it's quick - it's basically reheating takeout. I'm certain this is a nice recipe for corn and black-eyed pea salad, but it sure ain't a recipe for ribs.Industrial mayonaise does not do justice to this recipe. Making real, homemade mayonaise is easy enough and tastes much better than anything you can buy. Definitely make this recipe with homemade mayonaise! That I would give 4 forks.Thought this sounded interesting as a salad... I cut it down from a recipe for 50 to one for 2 so the quantities might have been off a little. I used what was called for from the sugar through the fennel,tossed the beets and jicama, then spooned the vegies onto the endive without the liquid. It just wasn't very flavorful.The flavor is lovely, tart, and sweet unfortunately, the filling never set up. We cut into the pie and the berry juices flowed all over the place. It would be cold on some ice cream! I will use the favors in a different recipe.Awful!!! I was so disappointed with this recipe. First of all, what exactly is 1/3 of an egg? Well, clearly I did not get it right because after 50 minutes of cooking they were still raw and uncooked inside. Completely inedible!beurre blanc is a white butter sauce. beurre = butter; blanc = white. there are no eggs in a beurre blanc.
I served this with trout as a fun GA-mountain thing. I think it has huge possibilities, but something is way off with the proportions. It's not a true beurre blanc without eggs--were they left out of the ingredients? And 1 c. of reduced vinegar/wine to 1 stick of butter makes a very acid and thin sauce.I think a lot is missing from the recipe itself and the ingredients. I may try stirring boiled peanuts (chopped would be an improvement) and the gremolata into another beurre blanc base...I love the concept.Nah...it has all of the right ingredients but, you know how Randy Jackson always says "it just didn't do it for me, dog" when someone's really tried hard but they're just not that good? That's this dish. It looks like it should be good, I really tried to like it, I really *wanted* to like it. It just didn't do it for me.
Not very good. My husband actually spit it out.Relatively simple to make - but it just doesn't make the mark on any level. First of all, it's an ugly dish, bland in colour. Second, when you stew baby carrots for 20 minutes - they disintegrate. Lastly, the directions are not clear how thick to make the stew. Mine wasn't very thick, but I never was very good at thickening anyway. The lemon flavour helps.Where is the butter? And where are the eggs? Come on, epi editors! You can do better than this.
Where is the butter? And where are the eggs? Come on, epi editors! You can do better than this.buffalo wing???? use buffalo recipe half butter, half franks hot sauce want them hotter use more sauce, less butter serve with blue cheese dressing and carrot and celery sticks. Not a diet food!!!!!
see my username. I worked at the Anchor Bar once... The recipe does not make "Buffalo Wings", as previous posters have noted, ONLY Frank's Louisiana Hot Sauce is used. AND the picture is bogus, as well. Buffalo Wings would never be served with the wing tips.
try this buffalo sauce: 4 tbls butter 1/2 cup franks hot sauce 1 tbl tobasco hot sauce 1 tbl chalula hot sauce 1 tbl dark brown sugar 2 teas cider vingear great full flavor - not just hot
I agree with Mrobmsu, one must use Frank's hot sauce. This is from the Anchor Bar in "beau flow" where wings originated.
I agree with Mrobmsu, one must use Frank's hot sauce. This is from the Anchor Bar in "beau flow" where wings originated.
You don't use Tabasco sauce for Buffalo wings. Its equal parts Frank's Red Hot Sauce and melted butter--no tabasco, soy sauce, red pepper flakes, etc. The Frank's Red Hot sauce is hot, but it has a much better flavor than tabasco.This sounded so yummy, but I really don't think the recipe worked for me. Not sure what the bisquits are supposed to turn out like, but they didn't rise and were kind of like a strange-consistency fry bread. They weren't bad, but they weren't particularly good.It was not good. the dressing was too bland. I zipped it up best as I could but I wouldn't makeit again. I guess I'll stick with my old recipe.in order for nopales to loose the slime, they have to be cooked in water with a copper penny for twenty minutes and rinced in cold water.
Nopales do not have to be this slimy. Nopales should be boiled with very little water for 15-20 minutes to release their liquid and then they should be rinsed.
this didnt turn out well for me. i followed the recipe pretty well, except had no ice so used cool water for nopales. wondering if they are always so slimy, or if the recipe didnt turn out well for me. never prepared nopales or chayote before, so that was exciting and fun. going to pickle the leftover nopales now.I found this condiment very expensive to make just to turn the mayo yellow. The saffron gave it some taste but no enough to make it worth while.Dense, moist cake, but sides collapse and it looks nothing like picture. Good flavor, but rises then falls leaving very thin layer. Would definitely not make again. Mich cook.add heavy cream to simple syrup and it will not become hard. very expensive mistakeSoooo sweet! Even my 5 year old couln't finish it. Maybe less sugar or more water, but I don't know if that would affect the consistency.Well, there's a good reason that I'm the first reviewer on this--everyone else was smart enough to stay away! This was so funky--like something that a non-cook would cobble together. I definitely do not recommend it!This recipe isn't bad as long as you have a tasty main dish to go with it.
yuk.
Although easy, it's still rather on the bland side and not very flavorful. I'd try other recipe's other than this one.There must be steps missing, as mentioned previously. See the following from step 2: When dry, arrange bottoms in egg cups with tops on the side. Place toasted side down and toast again, being careful not to burn the toast. Arrange around base of each egg cup. The bread is not mentioned, until it says "place toasted side down..." At least, I assume that is the bread, not the eggshells! As for the caviar, my suspicion is that an overeager editor added "Sevruga, Osetra or Belgua" and the original recipe used the inexpensive lumpfish caviar.
4 oz. of Sevruga = $380 4 oz. of Osetra = $472 4 oz. of Beluga = $640 Colin Cowie's awareness of our current economic situation = Priceless! I've seen this guy on TV a couple of times and always wonder what planet he's living on--now I know its not this one. Cowie makes Martha Stewart look relaxed and down to earth.
Just checked - for 4 oz of caviar, you'll pay between $280 and $540!!
Sounds lovely, but surely the editor was kidding when s/he said that a recipe that calls for 4 oz of beluga caviar proves that " creativity is not necessarily synonymous with expense."
Yes, there are steps missing, such as the toasting. As far as consistency, some people prefer soft, wet eggs, and some like drier, more firm eggs. That step is preference. The recipe makes just enough sense to figure it out. Make toast points, scramble eggs, put caviar on top. Serve eggs and caviar on toast.
Is it me or are there a few steps missing from this recipe? And when it says 'whisk eggs to the desired consistency' it never said what consistency one should desire for this dish.This was very, very sour! I wanted so badly to love it - it is beautiful with pops of yellow - but there was just nothing redeeming, flavor-wise.This recipe sounded really good, but in the end it was disappointing. It was really messy to prepare, and then the croquettes just fell apart when you fried them. Too much fuss for such a let-down result.I even tried these without the salt. The batter was tasty and looked promising, but the cookies were bad. I ended up eating the rest of the batter... shhh!
Terrible! I ended up with flat, rock hard circles that were very salty. Don't waste your time on this one!This kind of ok, but mostly gross and I am insulted that parade would title this "Chichen Fajitas" and claim it as a Latin American recipe. Actual Latin American recipes do not use ketchup and soy sauce! What a disappointment.
I thought this was only so so. I tasted the ketchup more than anything else. It was more of a BBQ chicken than a fajitas.A good basic recipe. Adjustments can be made to your own personal taste...I like to add cumin.
Not a great recipe for hummus. Was far too thick and tasteless. Added more garlic, more tahini and olive oil. Also required too much water to thin it to a decent blendable consistency. Probably will not use it again.This recipe was quite easy to make. It needs to sit with the taragon so make it the day before. I served my soup in a class bowl and used the vegetable confetti in a garnish that sat on top of the soup. I also put some watered down sour cream in a squirt bottle and used that in the design. My guests loved this soup so that in itself gives it four forks. It is very easy to make, too, if you use canned tomatoes, which I did. I used Hunt's canned tomatoes. The presentation, tho, is what I think sells this soup. Bring it to the table and ladle it out with a glass ladle.
I have been using this site for recipes for over a year, this is the first time I have been disappointed. This recipe was easy to make however it had no flavour.Way to buttermilk-yI didn't like this at all! the mint is very subtle, but it is actually much more time consuming to make than the recipe lets on. Unrewarding.
Haven't made this yet, but intend to very soon! What a great idea to use up the mint in my garden. Sounds like a refreshing and unique after dinner chocolate/mint w/ coffee. Will review once I make it!Greetings from Reposado. We are sorry this recipe didn't turn out well. As many of you may know when a recipe is submitted, Bon Appetit has the right to change it. It appears that the recipe has been modified substantially. If you would like the original recipe send us an email to coctel@reposado.com.mx and we will send you the original. Robb Anderson
i agree with the other reviewer. we made this recipe exactly as written and it came out with a bread pudding-like texture, nothing like flan! yuck!
I followed the recipe exactly as written, but for some reason the flans came out very cakey and chewey. None of my guests could finish it, including me. This was a flop. Did I do something wrong?Just a so-so recipe. I think we would have liked the cake to be a deeper chocolate; that would have been better. It didn't receive rave reviews from my family.Sadly, this recipe was quite a disappointment. I followed it to the letter and the souffle came out...well I can't put this nicely...terrible. The recipe simply did not call for enough sugar. Perhaps it would be fine if you added more sugar to the mix but I am not willing to mess around with the proportions when I can use a recipe that already has the proper amount of sugar represented. I do feel that the choice of chocolate was an excellent one. Caraibe is one of my favorites.This recipe was a waste of good ingredients. The taste was actually okay, but it came out a very strange red color, smelled like jello, and was a soupy mess. I would never serve it to anyone.To the reviewer from NC. Au gratin simply means baked with a crust. In this case the crust is made from bread crumbs. The french word for cheese is fromage not gratin.
au gratin means cheese. Where is the cheese? Wrongly named. I did not attempt as recipe is flawed. DonIt may not be a "recipe" per se but it is the German way of eating brats.
This may be good, but this is not a recipe. College students could do this with brats and rolls. That is if they could afford the brats.I tried this recipe out of pure curiousity, because I love crab, I love blueberries and I love popcorn, and I wondered how it would all come together, given the description of how incredible it was despite how odd it sounded... My curiousity was satisfied, but not in a good way... We tasted it just before the meal, and then dumped it out. NYE dinner was short one dish. Sorry...I love cranberries and make a lot of cranberry relishes. This is by far the worst ever. Nasty. Just plain nasty.
If you like vinegar, this is the recipe for you! I love cranberries and my husband loves beets, so I thought this would be perfect. We both had one bite that stayed with us for hours afterwards. There's either a serious misprint, or this is just plain bad.I was really looking forward to tasting this recipe which sounded mouthwatering. However, it was disappointing - the combination of cranberries and chocolate was peculiar and the result rather bitter, leaving a sour taste in the mouth. In future I'll stick with either cranberry sauce or chocolate sauce!Duck was a little over done,but fat rendered beautifully. I thought the sause was way too salty. I'd cut the time to two and a half hours and crisp it for 20 minutes at about 450 F.
Followed instructions to the letter, but the duck was overdone;I've only myself to blame because something told me that a three hour and forty- five minute oven-time was excessive, but I went ahead anyway. On the plus side, the remarkably simple sauce (Hit it a few times with an immersion blender) was different and intriguing, quite tasty actually; also I recovered nearly two cups of golden duck fat which I look forward to using. Whether that makes up for fifteen dollars worth of duck jerky is something else againI made this soup for a small luncheon I had. If you try it, make sure that your guests are BIG fans of cumin. Although I love cumin, it almost completely overpowers the cucumber and it leaves an unpleasant aftertaste right away. If I were to experiment, I'd add some lemon or lime juice and maybe some chopped cilantro to somehow balance the flavor of the cumin. Maybe it would be better to add some ground cumin instead of the toasted seeds.blech
I can't believe anyone would pay to eat this dish! I love radishes, and cucumbers, and onions...and all things pickled. However once I tasted this creation, it went from the refrigerator to the garbage. Bad, really bad!check me if i'm wrong here, but you don't actually "cook" this dish at all..... not that i've made it, so i'm in no way endorsing it..... just pointing out that mr. marin, ca. obviously didn't make it either..... he just wanted to throw some flowery language down in a review...... i'm not sayin, i'm just sayin.....
I was looking for a smoked trout salad, but this doesn't seem very appealing. Based on the other reviews, I'll keep looking. It says it's a side dish, but a side dish to what?
The smell of this cooking made me think of Manteka Ca and the spreckels plant with the raw, rotting, fetid beets steaming with thier self generating boomer thermals wafting that pungent spuz into the oily air of Manteka California. We tossed it out and went out.
DIED, FOOD PUUYFFHFC,JVThis one just didn't do it for me and I love curried chicken salad. I only made the chicken salad part, and maybe that was the mistake. I put the chicken salad on a be of fresh greens, but the salad itself was lacking flavor. I doubled the amount of raisins, because after tasting it I realized that the raisins were the best part.dear Cook from California: Check the Coriander Curry Dip on this site. It seems to be the correct recipe, and the review says it's fabulous. How unfortunate you had to make it twice (I would have done the same thing) when the error is in the recipe - a package of gelatin should be added to the tin of beef consomme.
Something is wrong with this recipe -- I have tried it twice and it doesn't gel. The first time I thought the problem might be that I had used low-fat cream cheese, but I tried again with regular and it still stayed liquid. What am I doing wrong? Or has something been left out of the recipe?Sorry to say that I must agree with other reviewer. Too greasy, not terribly tasty.
Well, I can honestly say this is the first recipe from Epicurious that I must give 2 thumbs down. It was way too oily and was a complete disappointment.Agree with the other reviewer. I only used 1 cup of yogurt and ended up with more than 2 teaspoons of curry (good quality too) as well as some cayenne. Really bland with the original ingredients and too much of a yogurt taste.
Bland and boring. I had to add so much to make it taste good it may as well be a whole new recipe. Don't bother with this one.For a great Daikon salad, julienne 1 large radish, then add a generous sprinkle of sea salt and fresh cracked pepper. Add about 2 tsp best quality extra virgin olive oil plus the juice of one lime. The lime is key. Toss and serve - it's fabulous. If desired, you can add a tbsp or less of minced cilantro. This is a very fast way to make a great daikon salad.
pure narp abounds.The unusual group of ingredients intrigued me. I made it almost exactly as written, and sadly, I disliked it so much that I gave most to my dogs (who thought it was pretty tasty). My only changes were to use butternut squash instead of delicata, and I used about 1/4 tsp dried thyme for the fresh. The biggest offender, in my opinion, is the balsamic vinegar. It was a seriously off note. If you aren't wild about balsamic, try leaving the vinegar out entirely, maybe the nutmeg too, and cut way down on the maple syrup (the squash puree was sweet enough on its own). Perhaps increase the cheese but I'd stay with the Jack as called for in the recipe. The creme fraiche is a nice touch but I wonder if greek yogurt would work just as well if not better.Overwhelming dill flavor, not good at all.I made the chili lime butter using the recipe as written. Fortunately I did not cook the lobsters with the chili lime butter. We just used it as a dipping sauce. After a first taste, not one of my guests used the butter on the lobster because the taste of the lobster was better without it. The flavors in the butter compete with the taste of the lobster rather than complement it. I was sorry that I didn't also make plain drawn butter to use as an option.I am going to try the dressing on Lobster, or shrimp, I also feel the dressing is too strong for the crab
Whoever wrote this recipe forgot the salt. Add salt and you should be able to taste all of this dish's many dimensions.
I'm not surprised at the one fork rating for this recipe. Throwing all of these ingredients on Dungeness crab ought to be a crime. Dungeness needs little or no enhancement except maybe a quick skip through a little melted lemon butter. Its sweet, toothsome meat is a revelation in and of itself. This lily needs no gilding.
I followed this recipe using high quality ingredients, fennel from Whole Foods, Dungeness crab, etc. The only thing I changed was I added a little more honey to the dressing. It was a little tart for me. I also followed the directions to a "T" and assembeled the salad as called for.....BUT we didn't think it was very good. Just sort of blah......... maybe it was the extra honey. I consider myself an excellent cook and when I saw this recipe using fennel (how can anything not taste good with this) and crab I figured let's give it a try. The dressing also sounded so good. I am anxious to read more reviews if anyone else trys this......it's not exactly cheap but I'm hoping someone can give me some tips to improve.This is not the best ice cream recipe, because it uses a custard the taste is not as good as it could be. The custard itself doesn't taste that good possibly because of the use of the dry milk. The edamame tastes wasn't nearly as strong as i was expecting it to be, the taste of the custard overpowered it. If you want to make an edamame ice I suggest you use a different recipe.Same as Aprilc... I needed to add another egg and quite a bit of water in order to knead the dough to the right consistency for rolling.
This recipe made noodles that were heavier and drier than I would have preferred. It was very difficult to roll out the dough to the recommended thickness.
I knew something was off from the start... I had to use a whole extra egg, and even a bit of water, to get the dough not to be crumbly. The cooking time was longer than stated in the recipe, and the cooked noodles were very heavy.Nothing special. As written is very bland, I had to tweak it a little. I had to add more garlic, herbs de Provence and salt to make it more palatable.
Too watery. Better off as a pasta sauce than a dip. Kept the eggplant skins on for added texture/nutrition.
Just okay. I added a full head of Garlic that was pan-roasted in foil along with the egglplant, and it was not too much. Also added about 1/2 tsp salt and 1/4 tsp pepper to boost the flavor.This is an odd and flawed recipe. Its engineering appears off; I found that a "nest" of carmelized onions couldn't hold a large, raw egg within its bounds, and the white of a couple of our eggs ran out to burn on the baking sheet. In addition, two whole pitas were wasted, as it was superfluous to toast an upper portion to each sandwich...We just picked up the egg-laden sectors and ate. I chose this recipe as a way to use up left-over pancetta and other items that would have rotted in my crisper, like onions. If you should find yourself in the same position, take my husband's advice: "Let 'em rot!"lots of steps for a completely ho-hum salad. Cooking the scallops for one min. left them raw; my husband sauteed them in butter for longer. The vinaigrette was too "twangy."The dressing was great, and with the avocado only, the salad is good. But, the endive adds and unpleasant bitterness that is accentuated by the oranges. Must be made fresh. Cannot sit for anytime at all without becoming "soggy". This recipe tasted good in theory, but reality was a big disappointment.We followed the recipe exactly and found it to be relatively flavorless. The base is good, but it definitely needs something to spice it up a little bit.
This was just okay. The sauce was quite dry and didn't make enough for the pasta. But the flavor of the anchovy and tuna was pretty good. Still, I wouldn't make it again.I've never given a recipe one fork. I tried this before making it for a cocktail party and ended up throwing it away. I love fennel, kalamatas, & cream cheese and this recipe is just plain yucky. It was a horrible pink purple color for the stuffing and unbelievably flavorless and a really creepy combo of creamy and crunchy...ick.I am surprised as this recipe is found here on "Gourmet" website!
This dish can be improved by doing the following. 1. Roast one or two bell pepers and soak them in olive oil and 1/2 tsp tyme. 2.Add 2 cloves of roasted garlic
Pesto and roasted red peppers should be wonderful. But this dish was very bland and disappointing.I've got a lot of hot peppers (much like Hungarian peppers but without the distinctive taste) that I'd like to use to make harissa. This is not a recipe.
For a number of years I've used the Frugal Gourmet's recipe on page 325 of his cookbook on "Our Immigrant Ancestors." It's an excellent sauce and is a staple in my house. In fact, I'm replenishing it tonight [although I halve the cayenne and double the garlic - my version follows]. Ingredients: 1 Tbs. cayenne; 1 Tbs. ground cumin; 4 garlic cloves, peeled; 1/2 tsp. salt; 1 cup olive oil; Procedure: Using a mortar and pestle, crush the spices, garlic and salt together to form a paste. Heat a frying pan, add the olive oil, and spice mixture [I add them when the pan is cold so they don't spatter]. Cook, stirring constantly over medium heat, for five minutes [I count the five minutes from when it starts bubbling]. Serve with couscous dishes.
I googled Harissa recipies and found one that looked ok: http://www.globalgourmet.com/food/special/2002/spiceherb/harissa.html
Dea Brand Harissa Hot Sauce has been found to be contaminated with the illegal dye, Sudan I. http://www.brent.gov.uk/ehealth.nsf/0/073f13c77026378680256e04005654e2!OpenDocument&ExpandSection=1
This is not a recipe for Harissa. It is an explanation of how to buy a sub standard product and shove some chilli in it!
Not realy a recipe. More "Buy some Harissa which is only available in my locality, and the because it is not very good, stick this other stuff in it". Can we have a Harissa recipe please!I made this recipe as per instructions and followed them exactly. It didn't turn out at all like any pastry I've ever made before. I feel there is too much butter in it. It was VERY greasy. I persisted in making it, baking it, and when the pie was cooked, the pastry was the equivalent of shortbread, only nowhere near as nice. Next time I'll check out a different flaky pastry recipe, or for that matter I might even try a short-crust pastry dough instead.Bloody waste of time.
I haven't tried the recipe, but it sounds like the saturation of the bread cube needs to be played with and tested. I would imagine a light coat would do the trick. With any new and exotic recipe I always make an effort in "taste testing" it first before the occassion. :)
Your recipes sound more like a flop as opposed to a "splash".
We followed the recipe exactly but it did not work for us. The bread cubes that were soaked in the bottle of pure lemon extract, never did light! With a lot of effort we got one bread cube to produce an extremely weak flame for a few seconds. None of the other bread cubes would go aflame, even with direct application of a lighted match! (The bread simply burnt to an unappealing black char.) The idea sounded fantastic, but unfortunately didn't work - at least for us. What a waste of lemon extract. Our lovely summer fruit was wonderful anyway but had nothing to do with this disappointing recipe.EXTREMELY time-consuming! Good for dinner parties.This is not a recipe, it's hard-boiled eggs with a dressing over them.The recipe says trenette but links to a recipe for pasta with eggs. Trenette is, traditionally, an eggless pasta.Zero forks. This recipe is totally silly.
No wonder why there are no reviews on this. I Thought it didn't sound very good but thought, Eh, I'll give it a try; Sometimes foods can surprise you. This truly was not good at all. In fact this was discusting. What a waste of food.the word "scant" anywhere in a recipe means "just less than". it's sort of a judgement call.
Yuck. Strangely salty (from the romano chees), but not in a good way. I couldn't figure out "scant 1/8 inch" meant, so I tried different thicknesses from 1/8" (which would make only about 8 ravioli and was unpleasantly doughy) down to 1/10" (which burst open while being fried). Nothing produced something I'd want to eat. I feel like I gave this recipe a chance, and it gave back nothing in return.I was very disappointed. The egg whites never really dried, the sugar dissolved into the moist egg whites so that the grapes did not glisten. I even sprinkled sugar over several times, hoping that the uppermost layer would stay crystallized. . . no such luck.This soup was surprisingly bland. I can think of a few improvements that might make this viable, but haven't tested yet. - 50% to 100% more garlic (possibly roasted) - Indian fennel powder or ground fennel seeds - Salt and pepper - Less water and more half and half or something thicker like heavy cream - Thyme
i'm surprised at bon appetit - don't even bother with this recipe! it's basically garlic & fennel poached in milk - BLAH!!! the only way this was remotely palitable was when i added 2 T. of roasted garlic i had in my fridge along with LOTS of salt & pepper. althought my thanksgiving guests were kind,it was only OK, but not worth making again.I don't know what was wrong with this. Maybe my lemon was too tart. Maybe the garlic was too strong. Not good.Justine is right about the gas. I like to make this soup when my mother-in-law comes to visit.
Amazing that so much garlic could make possibly the blandest soup I've ever had. Forget this recipe.
The soup was boring but the after effects were horrible. I had gas for the next 12 hours. Not worth the trouble.Rather bland. Not at all what I thought it would taste like. Very disappointing for Christmas Dinner.We thought the flavors were very good! Served it with Ponzu marinated chicken strips and will make again. Did not add anything else--the one thing we did different was microwave the vegetables for the minutes indicated in a small amount of water instead of boiling!
YUCK.
I was disappointed with the results. Maybe more spices would add some interest.I don't know what I was expecting from this dish but it was extremely bland. The flavors didn't seem to complement each other.Guess there was a reason no one else tried this recipe! It sounded very odd & it surely was. The taste was very, very bitter {even though I removed every last speck of pith & peel!} & there was way too much cardamom overpowering this {& I like cardamom}. This was a big waste of expensive pomegranate molasses & perfectly good grapefruits. Guess I was the guinea pig for this recipe to spare ya'll the trouble.This was a very time-consuming recipe, but I had poppyseeds that I wanted to use and love anything with a prune filling! I made the dough and refrigerated it overnight, rolling and baking the cookies the following day. I ended up running out of all-purpose flour so used about 1/2 cup of whole wheat flour in the dough. The cookies took about 30 minutes to bake, much longer than the recipe says. Perhaps because I had chilled the dough overnight? Once cooked, the pastry certainly wasn't dry, but it was a bit greasy instead and had no flavor. A disappointment since the raw dough smelled really good with the lemon zest. I have never made these types of cookies before so maybe this is how they're supposed to taste, but these were a disappointment and I will definitely not make them again.Why do recipe writers insist on adding water to caramel? It doesn't need it!! All you need is sugar and a heavy saute pan. Stir until the sugar melts over medium heat, then just swirl it in the pan until it's the color you want. That's all there is to it, no boiling, no washing the sides of the pan, easy!!Had no taste and gluey textureThe ricotta mixture is bland and the poblano chiles do not stand out. But the most glaring failure of the recipe is that the bitterness of the endive overpowers the ricotta mixture. I saved the dish by spooning bite size amounts onto thick tortilla chips. I would skip this recipe if I were you.Way too much coriander! Also, following the recipe, it was unpleasantly saltyI thought this was a recipe I had successfully used once before, but apparently not. After using more than double the hot water it calls for, kneading for several minutes, letting the dough rest for several minutes - it still came out clumpy and unusable. I threw it away and pulled out the masa instead! Better luck to you...I wish I could give this zero forks. Granted, I'm only reviewing the quinoa and not the duck. I love quinoa, both red and regular. This was a waste of perfectly good ingredients. The dish's appearance was unappetizing- all gloppy brown with deep red flecks of the quinoa. The flavor was bland. It took a lot of doctoring to get it even a little edible. What a disappointment.I was very disappointed in this recipe. I wanted to make a traditional cocktail sauce and not a thousand island version. The cocktail sauce should be tangy and full of zest. This recipe is good if you want to make thousand island but it lacks luster and shouldn't even be called a cocktail sauce.Can't you also steam mussels....and then dip them in a drawn butter mixture? Does anybody have any advice?
x
What's your problem Connecticut?? Don't we have enough to worry about? I hope this lady from WA enjoys!! BTW, Find Jasper Whites' 40 chowders, I am looking forward to completing the Mussel Chowder from Gourmet 5/02 today.
It is hard to give this a rating when I haven't tried the recipe yet. I have never made up a batch of Mussels yet. But I sure do love eating them.Realize first that I AM NOT A BAKER but I must say that I am passably talented and things I attempt usually work out for me. That said...this cake was a disaster!! The taste and texture of the cake was great so all was not lost. The rest was a calamity!!!! I could not find the proper cake pan so I followed the directions and purchased two 11/2 quart oven proof pans. The cake took an hour more than the 30 minutes specified. I put the cake together but I did not cut it down enough for it to fit together into a perfect ball shape. I read the reviews from the Creamy White Frosting and opted to try just a decorator's frosting, although I did flavour it with orange. When I tried to frost this stupid cake, it ended up (because of it's shape) dripping off mid point. I stiffened up the frosting and it still would not work. I had to put the cake into the fridge and wait until the frosting already applied hardened up and then proceed again. It looked, at one point, exactly like a round hamburger with that gross processed cheese melted all over it...something maybe out of "Man v. Food" lol. Same went with the green icing when I attempted to pipe it onto the top of the cake...oh, and this is good...as I said I'm not a baker so I did not want to purchase $18 worth of fondant (although in hind sight I would have) that the store had available so I chose instead to do the black gumdrops rolled out. If you roll them too thin they kind of turn greenish. I did this on parchment paper and, of course, they stuck. Too make a long story even longer, do not attempt this unless you have a bit of cake making history to back you up. It is a fiddley, fussy, stress inducing enterprise. I'm sticking to cooking.Wrong, on so many levels. Just wrong. Look for other recipes for why.
I don't know but this recipe should not be on the Epicurious site...it should be on the recipe rejects site. After tasting this chopped liver enomily I decided it was NOT FOR ME so I tried giving it to my dog Muffy and he gently gnawed on a bit. I tell you...after it dawned on him that this chopped liver isn't even fit for a dog...he took one whiff of it and ran. I have NEVER seen anything like it. I have never seen my dog run so fast. They say a dog is man's best friend but, after giving him a taste test of this chopped liver, I'm not so sure he considers me a friend anymore. UGH!!!
Doesn't taste like grandma's. If you're Jesish don't bother with this one.This has the potential to be a great cake, once the recipe is corrected! One cup of flour? I used two, but it probably should have been at least three. I tried to mix the dough in a food processor as directed, but with that much liquid to dry, it was a mess! The egg wash amounts have to be wrong too, I used just one egg and still used only half of it. I hope to see this rewritten!This dish was pretty bland. I doubled the recipe and added more lemon zest and it was still bland. I had to add lemon juice just to taste the lemon flavor and I added a little olive oil and red wine vinegar and extra salt just to make it taste better and I still was not satisfied with it. I also substituted scallions for the chives. I will not make this again.I believe the "2 cup serving" refers to, 2 of the 3oz paper cups the recipe is divided among. The sugar-free lemonade concentrate would be the frozen kind. I hope that helps.
This recipe is written badly... is it frozen concentrate or is it like powder crystal lite, kool aid etc., also how does a recipe with one cup ingrident end up with a 2 cup serving?
I'm not sure what "lemonade concentrate" is. Is that frozen lemonade, something dried, or lemon juice? I'd like to make this recipe and would appreciate anyone's help. Thanks.
Geesh, I just saw it, the analysis is for a 2 cup serving, not the 3 oz in the recipe.
The nutritional info has to be wrong, a different, non-diet recipe has 65 calories and 9 grams of carbs.I would rate this recipe OK but not for fish. Totally overpwering. Not only that but no finness. Lacking sophistication, a clunky, thick sauce that might be ok on a barbeque. I don't believe it can be saved.Harsh lesson - melons made the whole thing a sweet , watery mess - my guests did not touch it, and I wasted about $30 on ingredients ! (substituted smoked trout for chicken...)
The greens-and-chicken mixture is fine, but this dish needs to lose the melon. It just doesn't work. The textures are wrong, and I don't think the flavors do anything for each other.LOLing. I have to agree that there is simply no reason this recipe should be in the database. What a waste of a spot in my search results!
Not of interest. Barely a recipe designed for the crowd that does not cook.
Seriously? Why not publish. . . place two slices of white bread side up on a plate. Spread 2 Tbsp. freshly ground peanut butter on one slice. Spread 1 Tbsp. grape jelly on the second slice. Press together firmly.
Do you really need a recipe for this??
I don't look at epicurious recipes to loose weight. It's not bad though, if you fry the egg, and use real cheese.
Food for people that don't like to eat.
Obviously Self's aren't going to be "up to par", they're meant to be for weight loss!
i agree with the statement that Self recipes are just not up to par with the rest. I have been looking through many recipes and Selfs has basically always been voted poorly or changed so much it becomes the viewers not Selfs.
Recipes from Self just aren't up to par with epicurious.
Gross.why botherI had difficulty with the caramel sauce. The first time I tried, it crystallized. I had the perseverance to try again, but it did not yield spectacular results. The coffee seemed to lend a slightly bitter taste, even though I'm sure the caramel wasn't burnt. More importantly, the sauce was quite thin, and not like a traditional ice cream topping.There are better mousse's out there. The sauce wasn't worth the effort. Had fun trying it though.with checking the shopping list, see that 'cortland' is the apple type.
Can someone tell me WHICH kind of apple this recipe refers to? There seems to be a Typo, the first ingredient is missing.Eh. This certainly wasn't anything spectacular, but not a bad base recipe if you want to tinker with it...And it definitely needs tinkering...The ingredients looked great, but the recipe was a big disappointment.
Potatoes require salt-not enough in the recipe Not anything I would make again. 3/4 pound of mushrooms is too much to use in this soup. A dissappointment.Doesn't work. Just stick it in the microwave for a minute to get everything to dissolve.I thought just maybe I would love this despite the previous reviewer's comments (since I love olives so much). I followed the recipe exactly as written, except used half green olives / half kalamata. It was ust blah. Not horrible, but not very good. It's like a non-sweet muffin with olives - kind of a weird combo. I haven't given up on it yet - tonight, I'll try toasting it and smearing it with goat cheese (that can make anything taste good!). I've had other olive breads before (yeast breads - like french bread with olives), which were terrific. I would spend your time making one of those instead.
This sounded so good I knew it was too good to be true. It was salty, had a strong Baking Powder-like flavor and was a strange density. No one here ate it. My satisfaction with the Epicurious recipes is turning out more duds than great meals (and I've been cooking non-stop for 3 weeks for the holidays) but the ones that do turn out fabulously make it worth it. I'll just keep on trying! I don't know who will ever read this because I'm probably the only dope dumb enough to cook this bread but I would like to suggest highly the Turkey Meatball and Escarole Soup as well as the Inside Out German Chocolate Cake from this site.So much unnecessary stuff here. Mustard, rum, parsley? Olives, capers, anchovy and olive oil, that's all you need for tapenade and it's very fine without all the toppings.The combination of the orange and brown sugar sauce results in a taste similar to orange honey. The caramel is too light and the orange too robust. If made two days ahead the orange flavor becomes stronger.Very quick, but the sauce was too heavy for the nicely ripe oranges.Saganaki is tradiotionally made with Greek brandy. Ouzo is just too strong
I enjoy Ouzo, but, this just completely took over the cheese, and made the entire dish way too boozy. Very disappointed!!!!Subtle! Subtle?!? There in nothing subtle about the ouzo in this dish. It overpowers the melon and the prosciutto both. This was awful. I was so dissapointed. Next time I'll stick to the plain old, tried-and-true melon and prosciutto only mix.Boring.This literally tastes like cream of wheat. I'm sure Ms. Chang's version tastes a lot better than mine, but I would not ever make this cream again, sadly. I don't quite know what I'll fill my donuts with tomorrow morning, but not this.
I will make these for my kids Saturday am after Thanksgiving!! YUMMMI agree with the other two reviews-- the crust was too soggy! My only suggestion to salvage this recipe would be to partially bake the crust (like a pie) and then finish baking the crust with the fruit mix added on top.
There must be some mistake in this recipe. It is terrible, just like previous reviewer said. I scraped the fruit off the top to use without the gummy "crust".
The "crisp" on the bottom came out thick and doughy and the whole thing was overly sweet. It was pretty yucky.phyllo is plain. when brushing the layers with butter, sprinkle cinnamon-sugar.
The dessert is pretty, but lacks in flavor and substance. Raspberries are not an Autumn fruit either.The combination of pear and caramel proves toxic in this pointless ice cream. The overall sensation, peculiarly, was that of eating a flower...a bad one. Do not waste your time.We followed the recipe as written and I told my wife we should place the pan in a bowl of ice when "stirring vigorusly" we did not and it looked to be too thin We then looked at the reviews and noticed that everyone else had the same issues We promtle placed the trays in the freezer and I hope we solved the problem note we only left them in the freezer for 3-5 minutes... looks like it is goint to work, we have 15 people tomorrow for a Christmas party and we will let you know how they turned out!
this did not turn out for me either but my mom explained why, which should have been in the recipe. once you get to the right temp you must immediately put the pot into a bowl of ice water. this will stop the cooking and allow for the right consistency to form. mine was delicious but it turned to sand because it kept cooking. bad instructions ba test kitchen!
the cook from South Amherst misread the directions it DOES SAY 236 but still did not turn into syrup after vigorous stirring so I thought maybe they meant hard ball stage but that just turned into sand. Too bad trying to make for a birthday gift the night before and wasted a whole bag of pecans. Plus, it's too sweet.
Bad directions. After I made this I checked other websites -- the temp should have been 238-241 -- SOFT BALL! It smoked and burned at 263!! Beware!!These cookies are bland and sugar on top does not make up for the lack of flavor within.It says right in the first paragraph that these cookies have a flavor combination of pecan and vanilla, yet, there is no vanilla, as far as I can see, in the recipe here or in the book.
Doesn't look like its been corrected: st,I'll says 4 ounces.
@TOBaker Sorry for the error; it's been corrected. It now reads 6 ounces of butter. Thanks for the catch, and hope you do try Thomas Keller's recipe. -Esther Sung, Sr. Associate Editor, Epicurious.com
Four ounces of butter is NOT 170 grams. More like 117 grams.p.s., I can't even give this one "fork"...
I don't mean to tear apart someone else's recipe, but this is really horrible. I refuse to believe that the poster has ever actually eaten it... I agree completely with both of the previous posts - cheap no-name Great Value brand pasta sauce is much better (and, incidentally, is disgusting), AND this really isn't even a recipe! Sorry to the person that posted it, but it's really not good at all... :(
disgusting. this makes a jar of grocery store brand x sauce and cheap pasta sound like a feast.
Does something like this really need a recipe? Honestly...I didn't really know how these cookies were supposed to turn out, but they weren't as good as I had hoped. They were difficult to roll, and I ended up with about ten after messing up. If I made them again, I would try baking them on parchement paper. They tasted ok, but the effort I put in wasn't worth the result.I haven't made this recipe ,but it is a very odd one.Has no resemblance with the beloved Greek Christmas cookies melomakarona or phoenikia as I know them.What is strange is that Vefa Vafiadou is a very good cook and the author of some excellent cookbooks.
Yuck! Pity the Ancient Greeks and the Phoenicians if this is the best they could come up with. Terrible recipe! You get doughy, plain, sharply lemon oil-flavored deep-fried rocks (not "cookies"). The recipe produced only 20-25 "biscuits" that didn't rise in the least. Fortunately I deep fried the balls in a small pot (which worked), otherwise I would have wasted a good amount of olive and corn oil. Why does the recipe say to form the dough into cylinders? Under the circumstances, that is very difficult to do and would just create unevenly deep-fried fritters. Forming the dough into balls is easier and better, but don't bother, because not even the honey bath saves this recipe. I'm sure there are better, more refined recipes out there using honey and finely chopped nuts.These are just bland... I've had many forms of pickled eggs starting with the ones my Mom used to make with the leftover pickled beet juice. In the bars of Chicagoland and Wisconsin, a big jar of pickled eggs (and another jar of pickled sausages) always sits behind the bar. I like to use pickling spice with a little bit of sugar to cut the vinegar bite, and more like 2-4 weeks to get the full pickle flavor.I usually put in milk powder when I make the shell and I use a lot more pineapples and a lot less sugar.Chop up the pineapples and put them in a huge pot. Cook them slowly over a low heat until the juices dry up. You may add a little sugar if you like. I find that this makes a more appetizing and satisfying pineapple tart.Having never been to France or even heard of pompes sucrees, I can't make an informed comparison to the originals. I followed the recipe exactly except for cooking time; they only needed 12 minutes. These rolls reminded me a lot of "hot crossed buns" without the icing. Those were never one of my favorites. The anise flavor was subtle and pleasant, but I would add almost twice as much lemon and orange zest. They were also strangely yeasty. I wonder if two packets is really necessary. These will probably be okay eaten with preserves and tea, but they aren't interesting enough to stand on their own.Jansson's Temptation is made with Swedish anchovies which are rather sweet and salty. The regular anchovies cannot be used. The dish is great with the right anchovies. Haven't tried the pita-style recipe; probably won't.
Blech! I love all of the ingredients in this recipe and I thought the pizzas were terrible. The flavor of the cheese was lost - I think it might have been overwhelmed by the other ingredients. Also, even though I cooked them for an extra five minutes, the potato still had a slightly raw texture which was unappealing. Definitely won't make these again!Fail. Not worth the effort and certainly not a replacement for pumpkin pie. Cooking all the parts separately and reducing the syrup is a total waste of time. Shouldn't even be considered dessert...way too healthy tasting. This is something I would maybe like on top of some greek yogurt for breakfast. If you cut out the butter, the topping is pretty much made the same exact way I make granola.Just so-so. A good way to use up leftover fresh vegetables. The dressing wasn't too zippy. Probably better with cilantro rather than parsley. It tasted the best on a sandwich with leftover roasted chicken.These cakes are very dense & not very moist. Make sure you have lots of milk to get the bites down. The molasses is overpowers everything. Don't think we'll try this one again.I have made this recipe 4 times, trying to get it to be moister, and raise more. I give up. I keep searching for a dark, moist raisin rye bread recipe, but having NO luck.
Didn't get eaten in my party, though for me it tasted all right. As always in making bread, it takes some precious time (which I could have used for making something else), and when the result just gets ignored, then it was definitely a waste. I will try maybe another limpa recipe in the future, but not this.This is a really bad recipe. Out of the 10 or so people that tried it, only one liked it, and I wory for his sanity.
Beautiful to look at, but not to eat: too dry, too much dill.I live in South Carolina and this does not even come close to a classic red rice. See the title Classic Red Rice recipe in this site.
Ditto on what the reviewer from Atlanta has written. This recipe is NOT red rice at least not the way it's been prepared in Charleston and the preparation for Hoppin' John is also completely different.
I'm following suit with the reviewer from Alanta. This is NOT red rice, cerrtainly does not resemble anthing that I ate as a child in Charleston nor does the addition of black-eyed peas make it hoppin' john. The preparations at least in Charleston for these two dishese are COMPLETELY DIFFERENT from one another.
This is NOT red rice and adding beans would NOT make it hoppin' jon! Don't remove any bacon drippings (flavor!). Sautee onion & a chopped green pepper. Add 1 can tomato SAUCE and 1 c. water. Add 2 c. UNCOOKED rice and simmer 5 min. Transfer to steamer (or add ╜ c. water and simmer covered), cook for @ 20 min (add water if dry). Crumble bacon on top and serve. Add kielbasa to make main dish (sausage purlo).
I wasn't happy with this recipe. I added black-eyed peas for texture but there wasn't enough flavor. Just blah. Can't think of what would improve it.Sorbet only: high hopes but no luck. Dropped sugar to 1c. Used pomegranate juice cuz on hand. Red food coloring absolutely critical for appearance. Used food processor then tomato strainer so very smooth. Just didn't taste that great for all the effort.This did not taste terrible. However thinking it was going to be fabulous, I was dissapointed. I made it as an accompaniment to the Veal Scallops with Squash...and like a so-so boyfriend, that dish would have been free-er, and more happy without it. It made me wish I hadn't wasted my time.terrible,flat taste, made the recipe to extatly the recipe. "blande"This does NOT look like Rouille. What it looks like is a restaurant facsimilie that can be made ahead of time and does not include raw egg. This is a recipie for real rouille: Rouille: 2 egg yolks 2 teaspoons tomato paste 1 teaspoon anise flavored liqueur, such as Pernod 4 cloves garlic, chopped 1 small dried chile pepper 1 pinch saffron 2 teaspoons olive oil Put all ingredients (except olive oil) in a blender and whip at low speed until smooth. Slowly add the olive oil in a steady stream, forming a mayonnaise-like emulsion. Serve in a small bowl.
I used a submersable blender to mix it all at once and it was great. I am always looking for short cuts.
I liked it, but I used my imersable blender to chop and blend it all at once. I admit that it's a shortcut that may upset the true to recipe peeps, but it works.
Looks more like aioli to me: rouille is supposed to be orange in colour (*rouille* in French means *rust*) while there's nothing among the ingredients able to give it that colour. Saffron is missing as well. A good dip but definitely not a rouille!I tried the recipe but the chips barely got crispy around the edges. They're more like french fries. I sliced them as per instructions but I didn't use Yukon Gold potatoes. The potatos I used (the only ones I had) were described as yellow flesh pototosFirst review of this recipe is not a good one. In trying to come up with a different vegetable tonight I bombed out with this one. Skip it.I don't understand the point of this recipe. Cooking radishes like this doesn't transform them into anything. Radishes are there for the crunch, so sauteing them in butter for a bit 'until al dente' just means they will be less crunchy than when raw. If you want to experience good al dente root vegetables, grate some sweet potato and stir fry with some ginger and garlic, just until it tastes sweet rather than floury. It's delicious, because the taste improves - unlike with this recipe.
Even though I used fresh-from-the-garden radishes and chives, we thought this dish was blah. It did add some color to the plate.This might have been much better without the parmesan cheese, which completely overpowered the other ingredients. I'll leave it to someone else to find out whether leaving out the cheese would help....This was a bit of a disappointment. I was hoping for a treat along the lines of the recipe for seared rainbow chard found on this site, but this is nowhere near as good, even though I used beautiful, fresh scallions. The whole thing got kind of slimy, with a taste I can only describe as vegetal, as in wine that grew on a poorly pruned vine with too many leaves.This was a major disappointment. The topping was OK, but the bread part had little flavour and an unpleasant dry crumbly texture. I am used to doing gluten free baking -- these results were worse.
The combination of ingredients was excellent; however something was missing. The dough was extremely dry and after baking it had the texture of a hockey puck. I consulted a culinary professional who thought it lacked sufficient gluten and should have some regular flour mixed with the semolina.This came out more like a salsa than a dip and even at that, there are much better salsa recipes. I made this as a dip for jumbo shrimp and, as a backup, made regular cocktail sauce (ketchup, horseradish, lemon zest). Boy, was I glad I did. No one liked the Spicy Island Dip with the shrimp. It completely overwhelmed the taste of the shrimp and somehow just tasted wrong for shellfish.I found this recipe to be edible,but only just.It earns 1 fork & a YUCK!Unfortunately, these just didn't impress. Something is wrong when my 4-year old and 1-and-a-half-year old, who both love nori rolls, leave the table with some still left on the platter. I think it might have been a texture thing with the potato filling, since we are so used to rice. But I also wonder if the smoked salmon and curry flavors just didn't go together. Since these were a lot more work than my simple rice-filled nori rolls, I think I'll stick with those. (Might try putting smoked salmon in those though.)
Served these side-by-side with a more traditional smoked salmon sushi roll. We watched the traditional rolls disappear, while these were ignored. We found them to be soggy and bland, with the potatoes overwhelming the salmon. In addition, these took more time to prepare than the others.This recipe was a waste of saffron. It was so blah. Certainly not up to the standards of this Web site.Yummy! Save this one to share with close intimate friends.This recipe is somewhat bland for the mdoern palate. I sprinkled a little salt on my serving which greatly improved the taste. As mentioned, the cinnamon amount is missing. Searching other recipes seemed to indicate 1/2t is the correct amount.
great recipe, how long is soak time? and how much cinnamon? could you clear up this recipe, thanks.
great recipe, how long is soak time? and how much cinnamon? could you clear up this recipe, thanks.tried this twice, and both times came out a bit more like a caramel than a cookie.I did a small amount of this to test before taking it to a party....it was a waste of time and nuts! I was looking for something with a spicy zing. These smelled wonderful while baking, but the finished product was bland. Still searching for a recipe....
This was really missing something--it was very blah, and all you could really taste was the toasted flavor from baking. I wouldn't do this one again.No ratings? Maybe others knew something I didn't. I thought it sounded like an interesting recipe. Actually the scallops were good and very spicy but the combo with the cucumber just didn't work. I served this to guests as an appetizer and we all felt the same. We ate them all so it wasn't a loss just experience. That's why we like to cook, right?I wouldn't make this again as written, but try using heavy cream instead of olive oil. A really good blue cheese is important. You also might want to increase the ingredients in the dressing for the amount of greens.No plastic is "microwave safe." That's like saying the Xmas lights made in China don't contain lead. Why would you ever use plastic in a microwave anyway??? Only use glass or ceramic, but NEVER plastic, unless you wish to poison the kids.
Be sure to make the kids happy by giving them the icing part of the oreo! These are tasty,fun and scary!
Be sure to make the kids happy by giving them the icing part of the oreo! These are tasty,fun and scary!I like all the ingredients in this salad on their own, but the salad was very strange and not at all tasty. The grapefruit overpowered all of the other flavors except the avocado, and the whole taste combination was bizarre. I wouldn't recommend this salad. I'm not sure why this was listed as a "quick" recipe, as it required a good amount of prep work.Not good. This cut of meat is way too tough for this treatment. Wore out my jaw trying to eat that.I added garlic and sauteed with the shallots before adding to vinaigrette - this was delicious
Sounds nice, but where are the measurements for the vinigretteI haven't made it but "purchased" just means factory-peeled carrots (since baby carrots are really just regular carrots that have been shaved down, and I assume they don't want you to try do so at home).
Already peeled carrots.
I don't understand the ingredient "purchased peeled baby carrots." As opposed to those other vegetables you stole, I guess?
I do not recommend this dish. The orange-sherry sauce clashes horribly with the vegetables! It over powers the veggies and leaves a sour taste in your mouth. Neither me or my husband liked it although luckily the dog thought it was tasty.surely using whole eggs is a printer's error! The other classic zabaglione recipes in this series are better.
In short, this recipe did not work and did not taste like any zabliogne that I had enjoyed in the past. Using whole eggs instead of just the yolks created something similar to a watery omelet and I needed to strain the bits of cooked eggs through a colander. At 160 degrees it was not as thick as I would have liked it but I feared a batch of scrambled eggs if it continued to cook any longer. The strawberries soaked in Marsala were delightful, and I put mere teaspoon of this concoction over them and faced the stove and prayed that my guests would forgive me.I made this a few years ago and made one for my neighbor too. When I recently made it again, I remembered why my neighbor got so lucky.... the crust & cream cheese filling easily make enough for TWO tarts, especially if you're using those standard french metal tart pans.
This recipe was an utter disaster for me. I'm not necessarily blaming the recipe--I could have made a mistake somewhere--but I followed the directions very carefully and the filling on the tart never set. A few notes: the crust is more like a shortbread crust than anything else. It's tasty, but heavy. My filling never set, so the tart was a runny mess, but even if it had set, I'm not sure I was thrilled with the taste. I thought it would be more like a cream cheese filling, but I could hardly taste the cream cheese. Finally, be warned that it takes forever to make the tart. I did the dough on Saturday, let it chill overnight, baked the shell Sunday morning, made the filling Sunday night, let it set overnight, and then did the strawberries on Monday night. And then she suggests letting it sit overnight again to set! So it's a slow process.I was hoping this dessert would be fantastic. Instead it was rather blah. The coulis was wonderful, and I will use it in other recipes. The filling was flat. I couldn't find passion fruit, so I used strawberry & mango, but it didn't have much flavor. My biggest problems with the recipe were that it I couldn't make it ahead of time & it took a lot of time to put together. I suspect the 'make ahead' times were on the conservative side...I had extra coulis left over, and 3 days later it was still fine (having been refrigerated in an airtight container). It got a tiny bit darker, but not much.Yick! Waaaaaaaayyy, and I mean WAY TOO MUCH salt! I made spotted dick with this recipe and it was inedible due to the salt issue. I may try it again, but will only use 1/4tsp of salt this time around.
then why the hell did you enter a review?!
Haven't tried it yet, just found it on the web!What a wonderful sweet pastry dough! I've used this for a basic cheescake crust, and just combined it with the unbaked fruit pie filling for a scrumptious peach and blackberry dessert. I used two recipies of the fruit filling - the bottom layer blackberry, topped with peach. Served with brown sugar whipped cream, and garnished with additional berries and fresh mint, it's both lovely and delicious. If properly chilled, this dough isn't too difficult to handle, and I didn't find it too short, as the previous reviewer did. Using it in a springform pan, rather than a regular pie pan, gave me the option of first rolling, and then patting into place, with excellent results.
I found this pastry very short.I'm going to substitute honey for the brown sugar and fresh lemon juice for the white wine vinegar and then add a teaspoon of dijon mustard...that would be a light vinaigrette...
It IS light, and it IS easy, but it is NOT flavorful. It's unobtrusive and edible, but there's isn't any flavor to it. I couldn't even detect the presence of shallots (and I love shallots). It was oily, with the faintest "zip" from the vinegar. I'd have been one unhappy camper if I'd made this for dinner guests. I'll finish off what I made, but won't be making it again. I don't even know what else I'd add to it to make it more flavorful... :-(The pasta dough does not work in a KA first of all. It needed a couple of more eggs and some XVOO. The "sauce" was OK but not worth the effort and "no" to the person who asked about using canned sardines - they would melt.
If anyone made this with canned sardines, please let us know how it went!You can get tandoori paste at any South Asian food store. If you live somewhere where there isn't one available (the moon?), I believe Trader Joe's (http://www.traderjoes.com/) sells the pastes at only a slight mark-up. If you live somewhere where there is no Asian store and no Trader Joe's then it won't matter that this recipe calls for a ready-made paste because where are you going to get the ingredients to make tandoori from scratch anyway (e.g., Garam Masala)?
I agree with the earlier post. This isn't a recipe, this is a set of directions from a jar of tandoori paste. What gives?
This recipe is so easy to prepare that it sounds too good to be true. Well, it's not. It is fairly difficult to find tandoori paste in most US markets, and the dish doesn't produce a very impressive result. Next time I'll look for a more sophisticated tandoori chicken recipe, and grill it over an open fire.I'm Indian, and I recognize this recipe as an attempt at a "gourmet" version of a snack/ light meal popular in Western India. The review below is hilarious, but, I'm thinking, spot on - at least, based on the cooking instructions in the recipe. I think tapioca pearls, even cooked properly, may be an acquired taste for many Western palates. And the method given here is guaranteed to give you a starchy, gloopy mess. The correct way to cook it is to soak the tapioca in water for at least a couple of hours - the way to test if it's ready is to press a grain between thumb and forefinger. When it's ready, it will be soft to the core but not dissolving into mush. Then, when you're ready to cook it, stir-fry over medium-high heat with a little oil and spices until the grain is bouncy and translucent.
hilarious! not too graphic at all - thanks for telling it like it is so the rest of us don't waste our time! :D
One of the worst recipes I've ever seen. This gets you a greasy, gelatinous mass. It looks like an elephant blew its nose into a bowl and then a smaller, different animal vomited in it. Sorry, that was probably too graphic. A very frustrating experience.There should be a bent fork for bad recipes. Who cares if the dressing is emulsified if it tastes like hell? I agree whole heartedly with reviewer jennhill.
If you were to make your own veggie stock, you would be able to control the amount of sodium, and end foolishness.
I'll stick with my heart-healthy olive oil, thanks. Know how much sodium is in veggie stock? This recipe isn't healthy, it's foolish.
It is ridiculous to deprive your body of healthy oils. For about 35 calories, have a tsp of olive oil with some vinegar and dijon mustard. You need to consume fat with your salad to absorb the fat-soluble vitamins in the veggies.I would never call this a cookie - I think that things might be missing from this recipe (for instance, any sugar). I could barely taste the thyme and could not taste any lemon at all when I made this as an experiment in my pastry class. There are multiple things I would do to fix this recipe - more lemon, more thyme, and some sort of sweetness to balance the salt.
These cookies aren't good. I might try them again but with twice the lemon and thyme, less flour and i would bake for about half as long.
Meh. These are pretty lack-luster shortbreads. The sea salt is so strong when you sprinkle as much as they ask for, you can't even tell that there is any lemon in them. Also, the recipe asks for water but doesn't specify how much. 1tbsp is not enough. Mine came out dry and cracked. Not a very helpful recipe and lots of effort for mediocre cookies.This was watery and bland with an unappetizing texture. Overall inedible, and could not be salvaged.I made this with the accompanying key lime cheesecake recipe. As I said in my review of that recipe, I would definitely make that cheesecake recipe again but not the chutney. Nobody in my family liked the chutney!Wouldn't even have given this recipe 1 fork, except it was required. The combination of hot and cold just didn't fit. Veggies were good, but not mixed in with the cold lettuce, turkey and tomatoes. Won't make that mistake again!AAAAAAH! twinkies are scary enough on their own, now hostess is making a cookbook for them?!? what would you even make besides this? twinkie burgurs? gross.
Huh. From a Hostess cookbook? Looks ike the obnoxious pop-ups aren't providing Epi with a wide enough revenue stream.
I'm ashamed to admit that I tried this..I let the kids try it and we all agreed that we would rather eat a twinkie alone...or just have a reg. milkshake...I can't believe that this is someone's favorite...it tastes like a grainy milkshake and thats allI think there was too much sugar. Next time I'll use less sugar and split the vanilla bean. Not a lot of vanilla taste using it whole. Very mild. I prefer more a vanilla taste.it sounded great but the taste was flat. the beans seemed to overwhelm the meat juices, which seemed so full of promise when i pulled the shanks out of the oven. the lemons did add some much needed flavor.This is pretty awful. I'm a commercial vegan mayo user, looking for a great homemade version. This isn't it--bland, with a heavy soy finish.
This is pretty awful. I'm a commercial vegan mayo user, looking for a great homemade version. This isn't it--bland, with a heavy soy finish.
This is pretty awful. I'm a commercial vegan mayo user, looking for a great homemade version. This isn't it--bland, with a heavy soy finish.
This is pretty awful. I'm a commercial vegan mayo user, looking for a great homemade version. This isn't it--bland, with a heavy soy finish.
This is pretty awful--and I'm a commercial vegan mayo user. The end result is very bland, with a heavy soy finish. I guess I'll have to keep searching for that special homemade recipe.This dessert was disappointing. I wanted a dessert that I could "set on fire", but it really didn't turn out. The cake itself had a nice taste to it, but it says to cut it into four layers, and I don't know how that would be possible. I could barely cut it in two. The meringue on top was strange. I don't know why the yolk of the egg would be in it. I wasn't able to mound it on top of the cake in a cone shape at all....it was too heavy. I called it a "low hill" on the cake. The exterior cooked in 1/2 the time the recipe said, but the interior of the meringue was gooey. I wasn't able to set the liquor on fire from within the lemon. Instead, I poured the liquor on the meringue and set it on fire. The whole show was very disappointing.I think they forgot the most important thing...where is the watercress? This recipe is definitely not low in sodium or fat. I have one that is still not low in sodium but is glutten free and lower in bad fats.Funny, I too used it as a stable cream icing for a cake, not for this recipe. I too had trouble wiht the first batch not whipping properly. For my second attempt, I let the gelatine cool before I added it to the whipped cream which i whipped until almost done. Seemed to work better and held up on the cake.
I was looking for a stabilized whipped cream recipe, and even with the prior review, thought I'd give it a try. The previous reviewer is exactly right -- not a peak in sight. I suspect 2 things: too much gelatin for the cream, and poor directions. I have now tripled the amount of whipping cream, and am just beginning to see soft peaks. Frankly, since I quadrupled the recipe to begin with, I don't think I really want to add any more. A half-gallon of whipping cream is really a budget-breaker. :-( I've also discovered since making this that you need to start by whipping the plain (ice-cold) cream. AFTER peaks are forming (which shouldn't be more than a couple of minutes) start gradually adding the sugar and other goodies. I may try again, but not any time soon! Lucky for me my husband likes cream in his coffee!
The whipped cream portion of this recipe failed miserably. It did not form any peaks (stiff or otherwise), even though I followed the instructions precisely.I just tried making chocolate leaves--since its winter I don't have any in the garden and thought plastic ones might work -- what I ended up getting where silicone butter moulds - package had moulds for 6 ivy-shaped leaves and 6 roses. If you paint them thinly you can get a fairly thin leaf (but they are very fragile and you need to be careful getting them out. I also did some roses and filled them to see how thick they would be--the thicker ones were less fragile and I made some perfect ones. Worth considering.
I followed this recipe to the letter, but the leaves were extremely difficult to peel from the chocolate. I attempted to make a dozen or so, but only one was a success. There must be a better way.Made it. Tasted it. Tried to fix it. Let is sit for several hours. Tasted again. Threw down garbage disposal. Maybe I didn't do it justice. Used a little cayenne as didn't have red pepper flakes and doubled clam juice as no open white wine. Tried "doctoring" with more pepper, lemon juice, more spices, a little mayo. Strange taste would not go away.I agree that this recipe was a dud. It really lacked flavor. It's exactly the kind of recipe you want to stay away from in the winter--monochronomatic and dull in flavor.
I made this for a dinner party this weekend and thought it was quite boring. I cut the recipe in half for 8 people it could have served 12. The dressing recipe is skimpy and should actually be tossed with the greens before serving. Also the quantity of flat leaf parsley was too much. The parsley flavor really came out.I was looking for a different way to prepare bell peppers as a side dish. There were too many bread crumbs in the recipe (I used store bought) and it just was not that flavorful.Just a word of caution about Malanga, DO NOT EAT IT RAW! It will burn your lips and throat like pins and needles. Peel it well and boil it for a long time. The recipe does say to peel and boil, but does not caution about the burning!I need another recipe for greens, I grown organic collards year around in S.C. We eat them a lot & need a change from the 3 recipes I have now. I agree with other poster, not to pre-boil, but to simmer in pan with onions. I grow my on onions & garlic too.
This is a good, hearty collard recipe. As with many Ethiopian recipes, I found that this lacked a certain kick. A touch of acid--like a vinegar or white wine--and some hot chili would put a lot of life into it.
I always cook my greens like this with one modification: I don't boil the greens first. Why would anyone? After washing your greens, simply saute the onion, garlic, and ginger, add greens and stir until wilted. Add water and simmer until tender. The flavor cooks in this way. I put a couple of whole chiles on top, unbroken. My southern parents always had a bottle of chile-infused white vinegar to season greens at the table. A few drops are a nice complement. This works with any hearty leafy green-- turnips, mustards, kale. Turnip greens are especially good with a chopped whole turnip or two added to the pot. Best enjoyed with a piece of cornbread to sop up the juice.
I recommend a splash of lemon juice to pull this together!
It took too long to make for such little output. Tasted alright, but not great, a bit greasy.
I made this as a side dish for a dinner party I had for some friends. I got raves on the collards! They were so delicious. I don't have any tradition eating collards - so for me these were awesome. I am making them again tonight!
I work at an ethiopian restaurant owned of course, by an Ethiopian family. Their Gomen is mada of collard greens or spinach, spices onions and potatoes. We're in Nova Scotia so we use collards when available, but that's not that often. Their spices are imported directly from Ethiopia so I can't say exactly what they are because they only know the Ethiopian words for them. I think I'll trust their version.
As an African American, I think I will stick to my grandmother's way of cooking collard greens. I think by following the directions, the true flavoring of the onions, garlic, etc.. was not able to cook into the greens. The flavors seemed to stay separate.
These are not my mother's collards. No problem, since I became a vegetarian and gave up the ham hocks years ago. I recommend shortening the initial cooking time by about 5 minutes because of the second simmer. This will accompany my hoppin' john on all future new year's days.It turned out much too thick and pasty. It was not horrible, but in the future I will try another method for quick polenta.
hum....there is sure quite a bit of stirring in this 'no-stir' recipe!
not bad.it's more suitable for children.This is all wrong. Tabbouleh is all about fresh parsley; so refrigerating it overnight is not a good option. Besides, the food processor is the wrong tool. Use a knife!
Pretty good, and easy to make. Was a little too liquidy.
This is a great recipe, but other tabouli recipes are calling to be explored (that's the only reason i won't make this again)...if you're familiar w/ bulgur at all, you'll know that the amount called for will feed a lot of people--the 6 servings would be generous main-course portions.
This is a delicious tabbouleh. I love to prepare dishes to set overnight. They are so much tastier when the flavors have melded. Thanks!I'm not sure why this has such poor reviews. It had a tangy, excellent taste. Due to the many "too sweet" reviews, the only substitutions I made were to up the tomato sauce (about 2 cups) and lessen the cranberry sauce (1/2-3/4 can). It would be great made with the ground beef seitan as sloppy joes.
Another thumbs down. This in no way resembles or tastes anything remotely like pot roast. I ended up "recycling" the seitan - I hate wasting food, by rinsing off the seitan and roasting it with a tangy barbeque sauce. I was thinking of getting the cook book this came from but I've changed my mind.
I tried this against my better judgment. A can of Cranberry jelly??? But I was up for a new adventure with seitan: Too sweet. But I bet kids would love this. I even added a 1/2 teaspoon of smoky paprika and a dash red wine to the pur veg stock. No deal. I too have a huge pot of left overs that in no way resembles POT ROAST. I wonder how I can push this more toward BBQ sauce? This should be titled "Sweet and Tangy Seitan". I Think I will stick to treating this soy with a coconut curry. SKIP IT.
I don't know what I was thinking to try this recipe. It is awful. I even used half the cranberry and it's still too sweet. Contrary to what the intro says about it sounding "weird" but you'll be "coming back for more," I wish I didn't have leftovers since it has no redeeming qualities. I think the combination of tomato sauce and cranberry is hopeless--ugh.
If you haven't cooked with seitan before, this is a pretty easy and tasty way to try it. Next time I'll cut up the onions smaller because the first time I sliced them into thin strips, but they got too stingy in the stew pot.
I thought this dish was really simple and really yummy. The horseradish and mustard balanced out the sweetness and everyone asked for seconds.
We felt like we were eating dessert. much too sweet. Will never try again. HCAfter spending 3 years in Barbados I'd gotten quite used to having fishcakes as a snack with drinks. This recipe doesn't bring about any result even close to what I'm used to. It's not bad, but the flavour just isn't right. The sauce was very "raw" in flavour..I prefer a much sweeter, smoother sauce...we dumped this one in favour of good old Thousand Island dressing. I've taken my search for good ole Bajan fishcakes to AOLs members!
Pan fry these in butter just before serving... treat it as you would a crab cake. Alot less greasy that way! Great with the sauce.
It is not a good idea to fry this dish in advance. It becomes greasy and indigestible (help, get the Alka-Seltzer !). It is to be made just before serving and goes very well with before-dinner drinks as nibbles instead of boring old peanuts, tortilla chips and guacamole !!!This is a great quick recipe for aioli that really livened up a quiet dinner at home for my boyfriend and me. I don't see the need to be snobby about the store-bought mayo. This was a great timesaver and tastes delicious. There's no reason you can't go ahead and make your own mayo if the thought of storebought horrifies you so much! I livened this up with cayenne, cumin, fleur de sel, and a very teensy amount of apple cider vinegar to brighten it up. The recipe seems endlessly versatile. A great way to impress company!
If you are planning an elaborate Tapas Party with a dozen guests make it from scratch. If your next door neighbour calls and invites you for an impromptu tapas party, make this recipe add a pinch of saffron, and roast some small red potatoes. And smile when you say thank you for your homemade aioli. And no one needs to get their knickers in a twist.
Very easy, but made quite a mess! Delicious, and very practical. My family used it as dip for veggies! It is really nice with lamb. I could think of 100 uses for it. It would be great smothered on lamb, and then grilled. The essence of the garlic would stay, with the fat of the mayonaise burning off. I used store bought mayo, that was made with safflower oil, and very low in fat, and the aioli tasted fine. It makes a lot, but it will go fast (good on sandwiches). A make again!
I love this recipe. I sometimes just dunk bread in it and eat it as such (I am a garlic maniac). To the reviewers who were horrified at store bought mayonnaise - I too prefer the taste of my own mayo but when time doesn't allow I buy the stuff in jars. What I don't understand is why u have to criticize other people? If u have all the time on your hands to make mayo that's wonderful for you but not everyone does. So why don't you make the recipe with your homemade mayo and stop being so silly over something so small as a recipe.
We make ours with 8 oz mayo 4 oz garlic 2 oz horseradish Truely tastey!
after I grew and pressed my olives from my olive orchard into olive oil, I dug up only the freshest cloves of homegrown garlic and gathered eggs from my perfect aracona hens and carefully made my own aioli in my antique french mortar and pestle. It was **WONDERFUL** served on bread made from flour I milled my self from the wheat I grew on my farm using only natural yeast that I gathered from the wild.
Oh get over it, cooking snobs! If you think spending your evening whipping up your own mayonaise makes you a real cook, you are sorely mistaken.
Where can I buy this "Mayonaise" that everyone is speaking of? It sounds truly exotic!
should be called trailer park aioli, but then again, sometimes that extra 10 minutes helps.
why not make it easier? Buy store mayonnaise and chopped garlic and just mix together but please don't call it alioli, just garlic mayonnaise.
Obscene to make it with storebought mayonnaise. Too lazy to make your own or what ?
You do not have "purchase" anything -MAKE YOUR OWN!
no real recipe for aioli incudes bought mayonaiseI understand this cheese cannot be found in the States but mozzarella is about as close as the right consistency and taste as rubber would be. It's like putting mayo instead of foie gras in a recipe because it's easier to find. Cositanto is right. Call it mash potatoes with mozzarella but it's not French and it's not Aligot. Aligot is made with a specific type of cheese. Flavor and texture are wrong here. If you can find a firm cheese like gruyere, you may get closer but it still wouldn't be Aligot
Wow cositanto, is you're going to be that much of a purist, it would be assumed you would know that it's creme fraiche, NOT creme fresh. If you're going to rant, get your information straight because you just come off as a nut. And read the header for pete's sake. Mozzarella was substituted because it's damn near impossible to find fresh tomme de cantal curds in the States. Which they did mention. If you have a source, by all means pipe down and do share. After eating aligot about 3 dozen times this summer in france including just about every night market in the south, I had really garlicky versions and more mild versions. Depended on the cook. Altogether, this recipe was a pretty close approximation. Authentic, not quite. Good, indeed.
This recipe should be removed from the site or it should not be called Aligot. Aligot does NOT contain mozarella. What makes it special is the Tomme de Cantal cheese which gives it the nutty flavor. It does NOT contain horseradish. Where did they come up with that? It contains creme fresh, not heavy cream. It contains only a VERY light touch of garlic. One clove. If you want a real Aligot recipe look further on the web.
I cut this recipe by a little less than half, by starting with a huge 1.29 lb. russet potato. The result filled eight 5 oz. ramekins and I feel this is a perfect individual serving size. They came out beautifully! Make certain to season well, and do not overfill. Placed the filled ramekins on a cookie sheet to put under broiler. Enjoy! KIMBER
I see this dish as a basic recipe for many variations. E.g., I put some previously fried cooked ham or garneles on the bottom prior to adding the potato layer, and thus changed this side dish to a primo piatto. Also variations in the use of spices can create almost new dishes. Nutmeg may be a must in coalition with potato. One may also really use the grill prior to the topping with the horseradish cream.
This dish had disappointing results, but I believe that was due to my inexperience with it rather than an inherent inadequacy of the dish itself. I made the potato mixture ahead of time and the mozzarella- which seemed nicely blended at the time- didn't homogenize very well the next evening when I reheated it. I'm going to give it another shot because I think it has great potential.I would rate this a 3.5 too. It was easy to make (I had all of the ingredients on hand) and it was quite tasty. I was preparing a last- minute dinner party and wanted a vegetable dish to go with All American Baby Back Pork Ribs that we were taking out/bringing in from a restaurant. It got compliments.
Actually, I'd rate it 3.5. I found this easy to execute with a food processor to cream the corn, which I rinsed and tossed in the dishwasher afterwards, so the clean-up was minimal. Since I only had non-fat dairy milk on hand, I used unsweetened low-fat soy milk. Worked seamlessly. Served with tuna latkes with dill pesto, steamed green beans, and sliced tomatoes. Would work well with roast pork or turkey.
Simplify! I skipped the pureeing step and used 1 can creamed corn and 1 can whole kernel corn. I didn't bother to saute the green onion ahead of time and, if you do it my way, you can mix it in the same dish you bake it in. I cut the milk down to 3/4 cup to compensate for the liquid in the creamed corn. Cuts the prep time to practically nothing!
This was good, but a bit bland. Given how many dirty dishes were left after the prep stage, I'll probably choose something a little easier next time. I made it with canned corn (premium stuff) and it worked fine. Was well received, but too complicated for our lifestyle.
This took over an hour to get solid but there was alot of food in the oven so this may have been why. Guests were not wild about the texture but I really enjoyed it warmed up on the second day.If I could give this recipe zero forks, I would. The muffins were terribly bland despite the ridiculous amount of blueberries. The texture was no good, unpleasantly grainy with lots of air pockets. The muffins stuck so steadfastly to the papers that I was only ever able to get the top halves to come out, which meant I lost out on most of the blueberries. Also, this recipe yielded 24 muffins, not twelve, so now I'm stuck with a double batch of disappointment.
A keeper. Fast, easy & delicious. I used 1/2 cup more blueberries & they were very moist.
I followed the recipe exactly EXCEPT used fresh bluberries. I thought the texture was light and moist with a grainy crunch from the cornmeal. It made a good muffin.I was concerned that it would be too sweet, but it wasn't.I did not sift all the dry ingredients together and it came out fine.
addendum: Good texture -- I like corn meal crunch; flavor is good -- several layers: buttermilk, blueberries - good finish; no aftertaste. I sprinked nutmeg/sugar on tops -- adds another layer of flavor.
Added 1 tsp vanilla used frozen blueberries, which made batter blue -- nice touch
I think other reviewers may have given this recipe a bad rap. I did use fresh berries, however. Everyone enjoyed them - easy and delicious.
This recipe is delicious! Yum!
One tip - use freshly ground cornmeal. re: unthawed - I think it means frozen; don't know why the writers didn't use that, perhaps they wanted emphasis without redundancy - "frozen blueberries, unthawed" sounds better than "frozen blueberries, frozen"?. . http://dictionary.reference.com/search?q=unthawed But don't trust dictionary.com, . . "un" = the opposite of. . . .
I believe they do mean "unthawed", as in leave them frozen so the blueberries aren't completely mush.
kallie--shame on you. if you don't have anything nice to say, go to a site where someone cares. this is the second snotty review of yours i've read--it's getting old.
ok, so unthaw is the improper use of a word- but did you get it? Thanks for the useless review
unthaw (verb) - 1. become or cause to become soft or liquid "The sun melted the ice"; "the ice thawed"; "the ice cream melted"; "The heat melted the wax" Synonyms: thaw, unfreeze, melt
When you "unthaw" something, you're freezing it. The word should be thawed. The other reviews were correct; there isn't enough blueberry flavor.
I have made this recipe many times and the crowds love them. Make sure you sift the cornmeal well though. Also, I didn't use all the blueberries.
I found these muffins to have a very rough, grainy texture and not very flavourful. I added some syrup, vanilla and cinnamon to my second batch and that helped a little, but the blueberrys are overpowered by all that cornmeal.
Easy to make, but not extraordinary. If you're looking for a muffin that is not sweet and not rich, this is it. It's pretty bland.
This recipe was a little odd. The batter made enough for 18 muffins, not 12. When I baked them they tended not to rise up and had flat tops. But, they were very light and tasty, and the family gobbled them down. So even though they were funny looking, they were still quite good.
Wasn't crazy about this muffin recipe. It is a little on the bland side.THE ORIGINAL RECIPE, AS PRINTED IN BON APPETIT, CALLED FOR 1 EGG WHITE, NOT 2. I'M SURE THAT THIS TYPO IS CAUSING THE PROBLEM WITH THE RECIPE.
Very chewy, rich and delicious! Plus a cinch to make! I used the ingredients exactly as listed (used Valrhona choc.). When it came time to add the egg white, I whipped it until fluffy first. Also, I used buttered parchment paper, let them cool completely on a rack, and they peeled off very easily. It's great to find such a yummy (and flourless!), easy recipe. Try it.
The end product was so runny. I did not notice the other cooks comment until after I had already put the cookies in the oven. I figured that I would just let them cook and take a chance. They were impossibly hard and had almost no almond taste to them even though they are made with all almonds.
I found that I needed almost another cup of almonds before the dough was of the right stiffness to form and bake. I also used a medley of semi-sweet, milk chocolate and white chocolate becasue I was running low on semi-sweet. (Also increased chocolate to one cup.) I didn't flatten them and they came out after about 18 minutes and were perfect and delicious --different from the recipe but still worth baking again.Appreciate all the comments about the proper way to make ganache, but to keep the recipe dairy-free (which matters for kosher reasons if you wish to eat with a meat meal, which most traditional holiday meals are), you can't make a ganache with cream. Any other suggestions from folks out there?
Long run for a short slide. I was underwhelmed. A lot of work for something that was really only so-so at best.
A lot of prep - a lot of work. The orange syrup does not add anything to the chocolate frosting or the torte when presented. I would make it again but add kirsch or orange liquor to the syrup and the frosting.
I followed all the comments and made the recipe yesterday for an ecumenical Easter dinner today, using almond flour, pure vanilla flavoring and adding cream to the ganache. I also used a 61% cacao ghirardelli bittersweet chocolate and with 20 ounces of chocolate, there was an abundance of chocolate of intense flavor. I used blood oranges in the compote. The result was an impressive presentation. I think it came out very well. I will definitely make it again, but I think I will make 1/4 to 1/2 of the chocolate ganache and try a raspberry jam between the layers, or just use less chocolate between the layers. Read More http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/notes/Almond-Macaroon-Torte-with-Chocolate-Frosting-and-Orange-Compote-358237#ixzz0kBKgrSV0
I am so relieved to read the reviews and see that I was not the only one to have the chocolate sieze on me!! I added more of the syrup to thin it out some, but ended up only putting the icing between the layers and on the top. I then put a "frosting" of slivered almonds on the top. The macaroons came out fine. Everyone at our seder raved about the taste and even commented on how attractive it was. Now that I know the secret of the ganache I will try it again (maybe next year!).
Don't fall for the title, this has neither macaroons, nor is a torte, nor really has 'frosting'. I wish I'd read the reviews to know about the issues with the frosting, mine didn't work for the same reasons. Also don't call something a macaroon when it's really a meringue, I would not have made this if I'd really known the texture it would have had. At least the flavor was nice.
I agree with the other reviewers; knew almost immediately after adding the chocolate to the hot syrup that the liquid proportion was not correct - but too late. To make a spreadable ganache with 20 oz. of chocolate you will need upwards of 12 oz. of hot cream. Try the Chocolate Orange Ganache recipe from the "Dark Chocolate Wedding Cake" recipe (epicurious.com -- Gourmet 1996). Forget the orange syrup and use Cointreu instead for orange flavoring. My macaroon layer flattened too much also and was very crispy. I thought about brushing a little of the syrup over that layer before frosting, but was afraid it would dissolve. My seder reviewers thought it tasted great and ate the layers, as they fell apart, as if they were chocolate coated cookies.
Ok, this was delicious, no doubt about that. However, it was not ideal in several ways. One was probably my fault, in that I had to make it on a very rainy day, so the macaroon just didn't come out well--it was like 1/2 inch high, at best. The frosting, though, was just bizarre. yes, it tasted great but it was, as another reviewer noted, possessing the consistency of play-doh! I spread it as fast as I possibly could, but literally every second that it cooled, it got more and more play-doh-ier. the final product wasn't pretty, due to the crazy texture of the frosting. All that said, yes, I'd make it again and yes, it got rave reviews from the seder attendees. In fact, one of them asked for the recipe to make for a party later this week. Still, come on, what is the deal with the frosting?? Please help as I'd love to make this again but would like an assist on the frosting!
Great taste, but I agree with some of the other comments - use almond meal to save time. I also think the orange syrup in the melted chocolate was tasteless. The chocolate layers NEED to be more like ganache, so find a good recipe and use that. Next time I'll leave the ganache off the sides of the cake; this is the right amount of frosting. This recipe is really delicious if you pinch in a bit of salt into the macaroon batter.
Yes, the chocolate did seize, and yes the macaroons were thinner then expected and a bit crispy but we all enjoyed it. Now that I know about the cream I would try this recipe again.
I just got back from the seder where we had this for dessert. I don't think it was worth the cost - almost $50.00 for ingredients. Everyone liked it, but it was more like biscotti - we had to take a butcher knife to cut it and eat it with fingers, certainly not cake/torte like. The cake part got very crispy even though I baked it for less time than called for and the icing seized on me also. I ended up putting it on with my hands like playdoh! I've never had a Bon Appetit recipe fail me like this and won't be making it again. Gave it two forks for taste.
One of my favorite bloggers made this recipe and encountered lots of problems. She revised it and it's much better now. I thought I'd pass along the tip: http://smittenkitchen.com/2010/03/almond-macaroon-torte-with-chocolate-frosting/
I called Jar, Suzanne Tracht's wonderful LA restaurant and there's a typo in the directions. There should be cream added to the chocolate ganache. Use 1/2 cup warm cream added to the melted chocolate mixture. If not thick enough, add up to 1/4 cup more.
My sister called Suzanne Tracht's restaurant regarding the issue with the frosting. Apparently there is a typo. There should be heavy cream in the frosting. They said to add 1/2 cup of warmed heavy cream to the frosting. They said if needed up to an additional 1/4 cup can be used. Hope this helps.
Having spent nearly $50 on the chocolate and vanilla beans for this recipe imagine my chagrin when the icing was INEDIBLE. I followed the recipe to the "T", am an experienced (and rather skilled) cook, and this simply DOES NOT WORK. As the other reviewers cited, the icing seizes up long before ever becoming smooth. Also, as an aside, the icing carries very little of the orange flavor with it, the macaroons are about as flat as pancakes, and the flavor is lackluster at best. I wouldn't make this again if Jesus himself came down and requested it. My disappointment was quadrupled by the fact that I made this for my Mother's bday, and it was only good for the compost bin. Solid zero out of ten. SHAME ON YOU BON APPETIT.
I had the frosting seize up as well -- I saved it by beating it with some cream, but of course that only works because I'm taking it to a dairy seder. Also, the macaroon layers were very thin. I haven't eaten it yet, but this is going to come out more like a pile of heavy chocolate frosting with cookies in it than a cake. Maybe if I'd been more delicate at the folding stage, it would have turned out better.
This recipe was a disaster for me!!! While I was lamenting the "seized" chocolate ...I over baked the macaroon and it was not a cake but a cookie. I am not going to bother again with this recipe. I am going to bring cheese to the party.
I made the frosting twice and both times it turned into chocolate play dough. I made sure to not over heat the chocolate but it still siezed. Did anyone else have this experience?
I wanted to experiment with the almond-macaroon part of this recipe. Instead of processing almonds and using fresh vanilla beans I did as follows. I made the meringue as directed, substituting 1 tsp of vanilla for the seeds from vanilla beans. I used 2 cups of almond meal (from trader joes)instead of processing almonds. The dry ingredients were folded into the egg white mixture. It turned out perfect and saved me time and money!
I would love to make this for my seder. Has anyone tried it out yet?
this is really a delicious dessert .thank u so much.the chocolate layer n macroon gives a wonderful taste...these are not macaroons.... macaroons are made with beaten egg whites, full stop. don't even bother with these!
It's a typo: it should read "Cool on sheet for five minutes" not "Cook on sheet for five minutes".
I think the baking instructions for these cookies may be faulty- the way the recipe us written, it sounds as though they are meant to be baked twice. I'm thinking one eight minute bake time would be sufficient as macaroons are meant to be chewy (and not flattened, usually.) If some reviewers have flattend theirs, then baked them twice,- well, no wonder they were hard. I'll try them my way and let you know what happens.
I was very hopeful for this recipe, but it was a total flop. Cookies are super tough/chewy and don't even have a good flavor. Very disappointing!
My father loves coconut macaroons, so when he came for a visit, I made these cookies. They were very easy to make, and he loved them! I haven't made them in quite a while, but want to make them for Dad again, so I searched until I found this exact recipe again. Definitely a keeper (in my files this time!)
I made a double batch of these for a weekend when I was hosting two parties - they flopped at both! They were more than chewy... hard is more like it.
These were very easy to make, smelled nice, and were moist. I won't, however, make them again. There were very bland, I definitely was not impressed by them.
I made these (tripled recipe) for my son Joshua when he visited me. On his way back to his home, he stopped to visit another relative and made the mistake of telling the relative about the cookies. Needless to say, the cookies were eaten and never made it home. I just now mailed him another batch. By the way, they are great with drizzled melted chocolate chips on top, a great idea from Grace Bright.
Great easy and fun cookie to make. It was a big hit at Christmas Eve dinner. I doubled the recipe to make more and I am glad that I did. They went quickly
Made these for my 80+ year old father...he rates them as the VERY best, they (cookies) are well traveled as I live in Phila, PA and he in Los Angeles...cookies baked East, shipped West. Thanks.Looked festive and was delicious. Like others, I had trouble with the custard, and it didn't seem to make enough. However, with lots of whipped cream and toasted almonds on top, there wasn't any left at the end of the party! My favorite Bon Appetit trifle, though, was the White Chocolate Tiramisu Trifle with Spiced Pears, from 2007.
My oven runs true but whoa - 16 minutes was too long! I should have taken the cake pans out when I switched them at about 8 minutes. Anyway, I just trimmed the edges by about an inch, and the cakes still rolled up beautifully. Other than that, I followed the recipe exactly, and have nothing to add to the other reviewers' comments except that my crowd also loved it. And I loved the presentation in my beautiful glass bowl. The recipe serves 8 with seconds.
A lot of work but WORTH IT! I couldn't find sherry syrup so i used a raspberry one and then just sprinkled some sherry over the whole thing before topping with the whipped cream. Fabulous. Impressed the pants off of everyone with this one...
I've had a trifle dish for years that I've never used and finally put it to use with this recipe. My church choir demolished it in all of about 15 minutes and still wanted more. One person said, "There's a surprise in every bite!" I concur. I had no trouble with the custard recipe. Maybe it's gas burners and patience that make the difference? It strained and set up perfectly and the flavor brought back wonderful childhood memories of my mother's custard. Never able to leave well enough alone where any recipe is concerned, I made a couple of changes. I found a gorgeous tart cherry and white peach filling that I used for the jelly rolls. I just couldn't find a plain tart cherry preserve that I thought was special enough and this one was a hit. The other change I made was the sherried cream. I've never been a big fan of sherry and since this dish was destined for church I flavored the cream with confectioner's sugar and almond and vanilla extracts. I also whipped it up a bit stiffer since it wasn't going to be eaten immediately. Make an extra batch or two of the pralined almonds. I made them a couple days ahead and they didn't last through the first day. Easy and impressively delicious. My trifle chilled for over 24 hours and the mix of flavors was out of this world! I will most definitely reprise this recipe for future occasions.
This ended up being the star of a gourmet, six course Christmas dinner. The flavor combination was stunning and the presentation was nice for a trifle. I'm not a novice with custards but I did have a bit of trouble with this one being a tad on the thin side. However, it was nothing a little cornstarch and milk couldn't fix. If you struggled with this I'd suggest checking the size of your pans. If they are too large the cake won't come out the proper thickness. Hide the sugared almonds if you make them ahead of time. It was all I could do to keep my family from eating them all before the trifle was chilled.
Theoretically, this trifle is a good idea, and it is impressive looking, but taste-wise, it's really rather mediocre. Would I make it again? Only with different recipes for all of its components, except perhaps the praline almonds, and with a number of variations, some of which I used to fix this basically flawed recipe.
My sister-in-law has made this spectacular dessert for two Christmas Eves now and it is by far the most outstanding dessert I've ever been served at someone's home! Personally I've never wanted to make or serve a trifle because it only looks appetizing until just before it's served. Then it looks like a big mess both in the trifle dish and in your own bowl. This dish is so beautiful in the bowl and so scrumptious with the jelly roll, custard, sherried cream, and candied almond components that it doesn't matter how it looks! We ALL indulged after our rib roast Christmas Eve dinner and happily finished it off for "dessert" after breakfast on Christmas morning. I resisted this dish for a year and am now looking for the perfect trifle bowl so that I can serve this some day soon.
I like to do a showy dessert every Christmas. This is by far the easiest impressive dessert I've made! Some things weren't perfect - the custard was too thick to strain and the sponge cake was a little overcooked - but this recipe is FORGIVING. Any mistakes can be hidden inside the trifle and only the impressive jellyrolls need to be pressed against the sides of the bowl. Delicious, relatively easy, will definitely make again. One more hint - use lots of sherry syrup, this was everyone's favorite part!
Sorry, Cook from SF, I have no idea what might be wrong with your custard; this was the first custard I've made and it worked just fine. You might have turned the heat up too high--you have to be patient with medium low heat, and just keep stirring. I made it on the 23rd, served on the 24th, it was excellent and a HUGE hit with my parents, siblings, spouse, etc. The sherry flavor is, in my opinion, quite pronounced, but that is to be expected. I did add a bit of vanilla to the final whipped cream. Next time I believe I will add more preserves in layer between custard and spongecake.
I am in the middle of the recipe, and I have low expectations. The custard is super soupy! I even made it twice, the first time I was sure it needed to thinken more so I cooked it till it curdled, then I did it again and am hoping it will tighten up with chilling, cross your fingers for me!
Here's a link to the entire recipe and picture of finished dish. http://www.gourmet.com/recipes/2000s/200 8/12/almond-sherry-christmas-trifle
Writing again--now I see the problem, the syrup & custard recipes are in the magazine but you have search for them separately on the website. Usually the website gives links--bummer. So just recipe search "sherry syrup" and "vanilla custard" on this website and select the recipes dating from December 2008. Best of wishes.
To the previous two cooks: this confused me too...keep reading the main recipe; after that it gives you the recipes for the sherry syrup and the custard. In the magazine it directs you to page 56, and there they are. Haven't tried it yet, but I'll start tomorrow for Christmas Eve. Good luck--looking forward to reading your reviews!
I read this recipe several times and cannot figure out where you are suppose to come up w/the syrup and the custard. Am I missing something here? Hope someone can help me out w/this because i would like to make this recipe.
Looks interesting, but what is 'sherry syrup'? Is this a prepared product? As with any component I'd rather make it than buy it, but I don't see directions in the recipe.
I haven't tried this yet, but it sounds like a spectacular, but simple to make, presentation. Just one suggestion based on my experience in making jelly-roll-type cakes: remove the cakes from the parchment paper while they are still hot, put them each on a clean dish cloth, and roll them up, starting with the short end. Let them cool wrapped in the dish cloth. This way, they will hold their shape better, and be less inclined to break when you roll them.
As a novice trifle creator, I may not be qualified to write the first review of this recipe but... I loved it and so did the guests at the party I brought it to. The almond paste added a great flavor to the cake and the sherry flavor was subtle, not overpowering. Also took less time to make than I thought it would given the length of the directions. I found the picture on page 29 of the December 08 Gourmet more helpful than the one above this recipe. It showed how to arrange the cake rounds to get the impressive visual presentation that a good trifle bowl will give you. I wish epicurious.com would make a direct link to the Sherry Syrup and Vanilla custard recipe. Just one less step.
A beautiful table centerpiece in itself! Loved the candied almonds on top. The rolls weren't as large or full as I would have wnated, but that was maybe because I used a larger plan; and I definitely should've been more generous with the Sherry syrup...I think there is too much bread in the tarator sauce. It seemed gluey. I might make the sauce again but use alot less bread.
I didn't have the chance to make the dish (yet), but one thing that I had found out, is that in the directions for making this recipe, it states adding garlic to the breadcrumbs, water, lemon. Although in the ingredient list, there is no garlic listed. I guess I will just have to guess at how much garlic to use. The dish itself does sound wonderful though, and I hope to try it out soon!
This recipe is for those that love Mediterranean food. The texture is similar to humus and taramasalada. It is exceptionally good with fish. I would dare to serve it as a dip.I found this just plain silly.. it was a waste of time even trying it. Ambrosia is called "ambrosia" because it is perfect just as it is; why fool around with a bunch of silly trendy add-ons when you've already got perfection? zero in my book.
My guests liked it; I wasn't wild about it. Love Scott Peacock, though! I'm lucky to live a mile from Watershed!
i was a bit underwhelmed. perhaps i'm too used to sweetened coconut
I have to say that this beautiful recipe brought me joy and delight. It was a challenge to make because of the sectioning of the oranges and cracking a coconut, but the reward was tenfold for the teduious tasks! I served it as a palate cleanser between dinner and dessert. My guests loved it and wanted to know where I got the recipe. Thank you Mr. Peacock, it was a pleasure!This is an excellent marinade for tri-tip. It's important to get chilis that have a smoky-sweet fragrance and are dark mahogany in color. Here, any Mexican market sells these in bulk.I thought I liked anchovies before making this sauce: now I realize that I don't. Score one for the fish.
This is very garlicky and very good. I used it on a grilled chicken sandwich with romaine on foccacia. I also used dijon mustard. It tasted like a chicken caesar sandwich. Good stuff!You can make these vegan very easy! Use whole plain soy milk (I get best results from Silk) and for every cup, stir in 1 Tsp of lemon juice. Let it curdle for at least 15 minutes. You can substitute white vinegar for lemon juice, but I do not prefer the resulting flavor. And, you do need to let the dough rise for at least an hour.
Angel biscuits are simple and glorious, but this recipe omits the instruction to let them sit for at least an hour so the yeast can do its magic. My recipe that I use every holiday includes an overnight stay in the refrigerator wrapped in a plastic bag. The perfect do-ahead.
These are very tasty! I've tried different recipes for biscuits, and the yeast imparted a good flavor here (although I doubt it helps with the rising much in this recipe). To jfire28 from Fort Worth, TX: Be careful not to twist when you cut the dough into round biscuit shapes. I use a glass cup, but if you twist, it seals the top and bottom of the dough.
Watch them closely. Mine burned very easily on the bottom. I'm sure they taste much better if the are not over cooked.
Okay, I've made this twice now - they taste wonderful, but never rise to the airy glory promised in the description. I'm not sure if I'm doing something wrong or if the recipe isn't clear - should there be time allowed for the dough to rise? it doesn't say - but these aren't fluffy or angelic, just normal, very tasty buttermilk biscuits.
I agree, these didn't rise properly for me. Next time I'm going to try mixing the yeast with some warm water + sugar before adding it to the rest of the ingredients. Also, I tried baking all the biscuits at once, and all the ones on the bottom tray burned. Still, they seem worth making again - the taste of the non-burned biscuits was great, even if they didn't rise.
since when is buttermilk vegan?
Frankly, I'd give this recipe a 1/2 fork if I could. The biscuits just didn't rise properly. They tasted okay, but looked like flat dense hockey pucks. I tried to find "fine southern" flour, but couldn't so used AP. Maybe, I should have used AP self-rising flour. It was disappointing to add to our Thxsgiving meal. I should have just gone with the Pillsbury ones instead of making my own.
Mmm! Perfect!
Made Angel Biscuits in my middle school HomeEc class, just don't remember using the yeast. Everything else is just the way I remember it though and they were incredibly light and delicious. I'll try this recipe the way it is written and without the yeast.
Made Angel Biscuits in my middle school HomeEc class, just don't remember using the yeast. Everything else is just the way I remember it though and they were incredibly light and delicious. I'll try this recipe the way it is written and without the yeast.
I'm sure the vegan feature does not work. I cook for my vegan friends and half the recipes have egg or dairy.
I have not tried this recipe, so I might be mis-using this section, but how can something that calls for buttermilk be rated as Vegan? Wrong.First this served WAY more than four! I would double the tomatoes and add fresh herbs such as basil next time. Wait to make the sauce until right before adding otherwise the milk will curdle.This recipe is amazing! I wouldn't recommend adding more sugar like some other people, it's not supposed to be a super sweet dessert. It tastes especially good made with crumbs from a fresh baguette.
I think it's a really good winter recipe. If you love the taste of apple and cinnamon like me do not serve it with yogurt!
I heard "Apple Brown Betty" referred to on a recent rerun of a Will and Grace episode. Decided to look it up on here, and made the recipe this evening. Wow! I used a day old baguette for the bread crumbs and granny smith apples. Made the kitchen smell wonderful. Tasted even better. Not too sugary sweet...nice apple and cinnamon taste and nice crispy texture on top. To those who have panned this recipe, if you want a sweet apple desert, bake an apple pie. Will be making this again very soon!
I totally agree with the cook from Sacramento! This recipe was a waste of good apples and bread! DO NOT make this dish!
I am so sorry I didn't read the reviews before I make this dish. Brown Bettys have been one of my favorite desserts for 50 years, and this one is so bad that my family opted to eat the ice cream (substituted for the frozen yoghurt) instead of the Brown Betty. It is not nearly sweet enough, so it is necessary to provide a large scoop of ice cream or yoghurt with the serving. The coarse bread crumbs on top are crisp all right - brown and dry is a better description. I would not bother to make this recipe again.
The other reviews here seem to be unhappy with this dish not for what it is but for what it is not. True, it's not really a standout, but it is a perfect recipe for classic comfort food and a very nice change from too sugary desserts. Success with this particular recipe probably relies on what kind of bread crumbs you use. My advice: get the freshest baguette or French bread loaf you can find.
this recipe was really pretty bland, and could have used another apple or so. The frozen yogurt helped a little, but any bite that was not in direct contact with the yogurt was uninspiring.
I used salted butter since I didn't have unsalted - big mistake. But even if I'd made it with unsalted butter, I don't think I would've liked this desert too much. It was basically apple mush with an indifferent topping. Apple crisp is much better, in my opinion.These are very good, an easy way to use up leftover apples. I used a mandoline and the chips were done at 1 hour 40 minutes- they just need to be watched.
I made them paper thin, and that means to me 1 mm. thick, so I turned the oven and at 15 min. they were all burned. So I think is nice recipe, and i will try it again, but I will low down the oven or keep an eye every 10 min. or make them more thick !!
These are great snacks and very easy to make with an inexpensive mandolin. They turn out nice and crispy. I don't know how long they keep because we ate them all in one sitting. I just made a second batch for the grandkids.it sucks!
Next time I make this, I'm going to add more cherries and chop my hazelnuts even more finely, but overall I liked it a lot. The buttery crust tasted like shortbread -- really rich. Very glad I had a stand mixer to make it it, too, as it was quite stiff. For the bottom crust, I let the chilled dough sit for 15 minutes before I rolled it out (per the recipe), and it was a disaster - softened up way too quickly and was unmanageable. Top crust I rolled directly from the fridge and it worked really well. Also loved the sugar sprinkled on the crust.
I love to bake interesting desserts and this one definitely did not disappoint. I did not have time to make the pie crust from scratch, so I used store bought shells. The pie still turned out scrumptious!
Spectacularly impressive looking pie with tons of filling and a super thick flaky crust. The small addition of nuts and cherrys makes this a more interesting and creative pie to serve with out losing any of that "apple pie feeling."
I like this recipe a lot. However the crust was quite a headache. Real hard to roll out and move it around without sticking to something or breaking, but it turns out great non-the-less. Next time I won't use any nuts. I'm not a fan of too many different textures. All in all, great pie, eat it a la mode and nut free.
The crust on this pie was wonderful. It bakes up like puff pastry. However, I found I did not care for all of the additions to the pie. I guess I am just an apple pie purist:)
I loved this pie. Roasting the apples gave them a wonderful rich flavor and pleasant texture. It is a bit dry so needs to be served with whipped cream or vanilla ice cream. The pastry is rich and flaky. I love an all butter crust, but you need to be very quick about preparing it. Butter pastry can be difficult to make. I did opt for macademia nuts, rather than hazelnuts, and wow what texture.
Very disappointing. We all longed for a "regular" apple pie instead. The hazelnuts sounded like a good idea, but they really just didn't work. Bland pie.
I only used this recipe for the crust and next time, if I use it again, I will change the proportions of fat to flour. The crust was really too flaky...with too much shortening. I would cut out at least half a stick of butter.
I thought this would be fabulous but I was really disappointed. It was just too bland. Not a bad recipe, I just think I will experiment with the sugar and cinnamon the next time. I guess we're just traditionalists when it comes to apple pie and were looking for something closer to that.Perhaps instead of talking about "educated palates," you should educate yourself enough to learn how to spell recipes.
I dont know where you find the chefs that write these recipies, may be they just dont want to share their origional recipies with us, i know i have no problem sharing recipies with my mates who are also chefs & if they want i will bring them into my kitchen & show them how to make them, but excuse my french, this is a shit chutney maybe their palet isnt aducated enough, i made alot of changes to this, added a little mace for spice, substituted cider for vinegar & a few little bits & pieces and it was fantastic, i dont mean to upset the chef but it would be a bit of an idea to taste your food before submitting your recipies firstthis was simple to make and tasted really good. i used pecans instead of walnuts b/c that's what i had. and after reading the reviews, added cinnamon and nutmeg to the apples and the cornmeal batter. i didn't think it was gritty at all and liked the combo of the apples and corn cake. would have liked to have tried it with the whipped cream but didn't have it. but it was still good with a glass of milk. i'm surprised by all the bad reviews.
Not impressed. Was too heavy and bland to really seem like a cake OR a muffin.
I thought the cake was too sweet. Next time, I will use less sugar in the corncake. The apples mixture is sweet enough on it's own.
This was nothing more than a corn muffin with apple dice. Bleagh!
This is a great recipe to play with. I used bosc pears in place of the apples and chopped candy ginger in place of the nuts. The combination was terrific! The presentation is lovely with everyone having their own little cake. My guests loved them, so this will definately be a repeater!
This is a great recipe. It is fairly quick and easy. I have made them a few times and everyone raves about them.
I added cinnamon and a pinch of nutmeg to the apples, as sugested by a reviewer. The apples were good on their own. However, I would chop the walnuts finer because they overpowered the apples and cornmeal. I personally did not think the apple/walnut topping and cornmeal cake tastes combined well.
i made this dessert for a big family dinner and everyone loved it. i made a few changes, i used bartlett pears and hazelnuts ( no time to shop ) and what wasn't inhaled after dinner was eaten for breakfast with yogurt...this reciepe is easy to play with and it works for large groups.
Prep-wise, this recipe was quick and uncomplicated. I did let the pan "rest" about 10 min prior to baking to let the cornmeal absorb moisture & reduce grittiness. Ingredient-wise, I would reduce the quantity of nuts to 1/4 cup finely chopped & I'd use pecans (my preference). The walnuts' flavor and size competed with the subtle flavor of the apples/brown sugar. I did add 2 Tbsp. of pure maple syrup as I didn't see much in terms of spices and/or flavorings. I would make extra apple/nut mixture to apply warm at time of service with vanilla ice cream.
I didn't think the flavor was that good. The combination of the sweet apples and the texture of the cornmeal didn't have a nice feel in the mouth. It came across as gritty. The apples however were tasty. Maybe I would prefer a more cakelike consistency than the grittyness of cornmeal with this dessert. And a day later, it wasn't looking too appetizing.
A little boring for my taste. Apples needed some spice (cinnamon? nutmeg?) and cake maybe could use some vanilla.
Made this recipe to help deal with bumper crop of crabapples. Didn't peel, but cored and cut into 1/2" dice. Doubled amount of sugar because of tartness of crabapples.Baked the muffins in individual 1 cup ramekins.Served warm with low-fat vanilla yogurt for breakfast, along with boiled eggs, and lattes. Recipe was easy and came out very well.
This was very simple and delicious. I would, however, add a little Calvados and a pinch of cinnamon to the apple mixture. That's for my taste. But my teenager boys absolutely LOVED it ! Its a keeper.I loved this recipe and found it to be very flavorful and Delicious - can't wait to make it again!
Sorry to say, this wasn't anything special. And I had such high hopes, since I LOVE apple-caramel ANYTHING! Don't bother...
I love the flavors of this cake. I've made it twice now. The first time, I barely brushed the apples with apple jelly at the end and the textures were all lovely. The second time, I used all the apple jelly called for in the recipe and it made the cake mushy. In future, I'll completely omit the apple jelly because I don't see that it adds anything. It does seem that the cake needs to cook a little longer than called for, but I'm at 5000ft elevation and always have to fiddle with cooking times and/or temps
First, this is very bland - the spices need to be tripled. And after baking for 55 minutes, it was still not done - yes, my oven temp was correct.
Though I think it is a great combination of flavors, I would not make this again. The apples turned to mush, which was not a big problem, but then they sank into the cake, making for a poor presentation. Worse, the cake seemed condensed, perhaps the result of the weight of the apples. I would NOT make this again.
My family and guests really enjoyed this cake. Perfect end for an Autumn Sunday night dinner. I used a 10" springform form pan which worked great. Other than that followed the recipe exactly. Be sure to let carmel darken to a rich brown color. I will definitely make again.
I made this for a dinner party and loved it but didn't do a good job of carmelizing the apples properly - they kind of turned to applesauce but it was lovely. Made a carmel ice cream to go along with (and disguise that the apples had gotten mushy.)
I made this torte last week with a variety of apples but didn't use a sauce for the finish. The torte had a delicious flavor but I thought the torte without the apples was rather dry and I followed the recipe. Many steps to this recipe and I probably won't make this again. Carole Miller
There where a lot of steps and pans for a rather mediocre result. There are far easier and tastier recipes for a Fall apple dessert.
I thought this was delightful. I served it as an afternoon treat on a nice sunny fall Sunday afternoon. I did not make the Calva cream, and also omitted the apple jelly. It did not need any further dressing. The deliciously caramelized apples (I cooked them longer than the recipe called for) were a perfect contrast to the nutty and moist cake. Nothing extraordinary, just very very nice. Everybody asked for seconds as well as for the recipe.
Made this for a birthday and was very happy with it. You need to use good quality cooking apples that will hold their shape and let their flavor come through. The Calvados cream needed a little more sugar than two teaspoons as the calvados tends to dominate the flavor of the cream.
As an experienced cook I find this recipe a disappointment. It is time-consuming and not at all special. My husband would rather have a Dutch apple pie.
Made this today for a dinner party. Very good. Turned out just like the picture. The texture of the cake is wonderful. Only took 45 minutes to bake. No matter what the weight, you need 4 apples, halved, to fill the 9" pan. 7 halves around the sides and one in the middle. Couldn't find apple brandy so I subbed cinnamon cream. 1 cup heavy cream, 2 T sugar and 1 tsp cinnamon. Very nice, rustic fall dessert. Will make again.I'm also glad that I tried this recipe, but I did make some changes. To make this recipe even healthier I removed the sugar from the cake. I used about 2T of honey and instead of 1/2 cup of applesauce I used about 1/3 and added about 3T of apple butter. Also added cinnamon and nutmeg to the dry ingredients and 3/4 of a chopped up apple. For the topping I added some quick oats, unsweetened coconut, sliced almonds and the remaining 1/4 chopped apple to the mixture. The cake puffed up nicely and was definitely not dry. It was a hit at the office and home!
I am glad that I tried this recipe despite some of the reviews. I followed this recipe exact and it is amazing! A perfect light fluffy treat to enjoy with a cup of coffee. I don't find it dry or tasteless. I am not sure why anyone would give this a bad review, I have just finished my second piece and I still can't find anything wrong with it.
Just made this and I think it's yummy. I was worried based on some of the reviews but I was a little heavy handed with the butter and apple sauce, threw a little extra brown sugar on the top and added a tiny bit of nutmeg. I made a crumb cake a couple of weeks ago, traditional with the sour cream and everything, and it is too unhealthy to make regularly. This I can make and eat without the guilt about the health effects (or the calories!)
made this yesterday, added more apple sauce and it was yum!Served warm, dusted with icin/powdered sugar and creme fraiche. Definately making it again.Maybe some flaked almonds on top of the crumble would be nice. Yvonne
Okay, to those who complained of dryness, you must remember this is a HEALTHY coffee cake. It will not, I repeat not, taste like the decadent coffee cakes you typically find in bakeries, because those contain 1) more sugar 2) Lots more butter. When butter is left out of anything, it not only affects texture and moisture, but also flavor, as butter naturally enhances and melds flavors. That said, this is a healthy coffee cake. This has about 2,000 calories for the ENTIRE cake. So, if you cut it into 8 pcs, that is 250 cal per piece. A piece of regualr coffee cake of the saem size would run you about 500 cal. Considering the dif in calories, fat and cholestrol, this is a pretty good alternative. I am considering upping the sugar by 2 tbsp next time and adding some chopped apples sauteed in 1 tbsp butter.
Thanks to those who provided tips and tricks for this recipe. I increased the amount of the topping, added the 2nd egg yolk, some extra applesauce and vanilla. It was a bit complicated to make but it looked and tasted great.
I was very disappointed with this. It's not really all that healthy, and the taste is pretty bland. Nothing special at all.
Too dry. Not at all what I had hoped. I even used apple butter instead of applesauce and cream instead of buttermilk.
Even though I added ginger and nutmeg and some white sugar this recipe was blah. I mixed everything together rather than separately and it rose up beautifully - but taste was just not there
moist enough, and crumb topping was okay, but the cake tasted overwhelmingly of baking powder (and yes, i used the right amount!).
This cake was quite dry and bland. My friend said it was great, but I think he was just being polite.
My husband and grandkids loved it. The grangkids want it every time they come over.They are always wanting to help make they are from 12 to 8 years old.
Taking the advice of previous reviews, I reduced the sugar added extra applesuace, and lemon zest. I doubled the crumb topping and put half of it in the middle of the cake. It turned out very moist with plenty of flavor but not quite as healthy, next time I would add fruit in the middle instead.
Loved this dish a lot! It was a little dry for my taste, so added extra applesauce the second time around and it came out great! Would go great with a nice cup of hot coffee!
This was really good. After reading other reviews i decited to double the vanilla and add a dash of cinnamon to the batter and add walnuts (just a little bit) to topping. This came out of the oven and I thought it wastn't going to be good but it really turned out great. It was a little more work than I thougt it would be. I would make this again and would recommend making it to anyone....my husband loved it! It's hard to get him to eat anything low or lower fat.
This was a great low-fat recipe! Even my husband liked it, especially the crumb topping. The only thing i might change at his request is adding some mashed banana for a little more moisty goodness..let ya know how it goes.
I would consider this recipe to be a "work in progress". It did turn out v. moist and light, so I think it has potential. However, it was rather bland. An addition of a layer of fruit or preserves, and nuts or oats in the topping would probably make it a lot better. I think you could play around with the recipe and achieve good results.
I didn't put the lemon peel in, because I forgot. I used a dark glass pan. It turned out great. I served it for Mother's Day brunch and everyone loved it. My family is pretty picky. I am glad I did not read the reviews when looking for a low fat coffee cake.
I made this for our monthly birthday brunch at work and everyone enjoyed it very much. My 7 year old made it with ease with only some help from me. I also omitted the lemon and used the dark pan and it turned out moist.
I should have listened to the other reviews. This was all but tasteless. The only salvation was the chopped nuts I had added. I almost threw it out, but decided to warm it and add apple butter on one occasion, and eat it with vanilla frozen yogurt on another.
Rather rubbery with little flavor.
This is just about how you would expect a low fat recipe to taste -- pretty awful.
I was using a dark-coated cake pan, so I baked it at 325 F. for 28 minutes and it turned out PERFECT!! You will not believe how moist this coffee cake is, it'll blow your mind.:) I also omitted the grated lemon peel.
Great recipe and very tasty; however I do have a comment on the instructions in the recipe itself: How do you sift brown sugar? It made quite a mess when I tried to shake it through a sieve with the rest of the dry ingredients. Shereen Morris Alexandria, VAI've made this recipe multiple times for guests, and everyone always loves it. It's easy and tasty.
This barely gets one fork from me--my husband ate it willingly, so it had something going for it. My dad, on the other hand, took one bite and asked what it was again he was eating. I, too, made this in a pie plate. I covered it with foil once it browned and gave it an additional five minutes in the oven. It was still runny in the middle. But even the outer ring, which had set, was nearly inedible.
Easy and quick to make. I would cut the apricots into more than 4 pieces, they were a little large. Because I opted to use the single pie plate rather than the individual gratin dishes, it took longer than 20 minutes to cook the center, which meant that it got VERY brown in the oven. Perhaps the individual dishes are a better choice.Saw a pretty display of apricots the day after I read this recipe - so had to give it a try. Subbed Amaretto for the peach liqueur and broiled them rather than light the grill just for dessert. I liked the aroma of roasting rosemary and these looked very nice. Simple to make, the sauce reduced in about 15 minutes. They did however taste a bit strong - a little harsh on the throat. I served vanilla ice cream with them which helped, but I'd recommend a glass of water too. I may make this again with apricots but will definitely try it with peaches.
Does anyone have more information on how to cook this recipe? I'm assuming you grill these but it just say cook over high heat. Also do you brush the apricots with syrup as you are cooking?Although good, it wasn't what I was looking for. I am looking for my mother's Viennese recipe for Marillen Knoedel (apricot dumplings) which was only made when the first apricots ripened. The dumpling had small apricots in the center and were rolled in cinnamon and sugar breadcrumbs. If anyone has the recipe, I would really appreciate it. Thanks
I have the Austrian/German version of this. Just write me at aloha@pcmagic.net and I will let you know about the potato dough.
this wasn't quite the recipe I was looking for. Does anyone have a recipe for the German dessert dumplings called KNOEDLS? They were made with a yeast dough and filled with pitted cherries, topped with melted butter, sugar and cinnamon. They are a favourite childhood memory - my father could eat 20 at a sitting! Unfortunately, nobody in my family has the recipe.
Being Ukrainian i grew up eating these sweet treats, often made w/ cherries or blueberries! This was wonderful! Close to grandmoms !I really didn't care too much for this, and neither did my husband. The cream cheese just didn't work for me--it made the ice cream heavy in an unpleasant way. I won't make again.
Last summer I took this to a dinner party as part of the dessert menu. Everyone loved it and thought it resembled frozen cheesecake. My son still asks for it.
I thought this recipe was easy and I enjoyed it. I did blend the apricots along with the cream cheese and milk. I'm wondering how it would be with reduced fat cream cheese.
The cream cheese is too, too evident in this ice cream. I prefer a fresher taste.Wow, I don't have words to describe this taste treat. The contrast between the cream and torte playing in your mouth is delightful. I don't understand why the rating is so low at 1.5 forks. It will take some time I suppose but really now, it is worth it.
This crust is horrible. It has the texture of...Mt. Rushmore, perhaps? There's *crisp* or *crunchy*, and then there's THIS, which appears to be the vehicle for a mouthful of jam. If I wanted that, I could have just taken a spoon out of the drawer and gone to it. I could even finish this, it was so disappointing. :-p
I had the same problem making the crust mentioned above. The baking time is too long. It is frustrating that Bon Appetit can't vet their own recipes to make sure of simple things like oven time. Who has the time to make something twice due to other people's errors? I obviously should have read these comments earlier. I gave up and tossed out the bottom crust and made small cookies with the balance of the dough formed in tiny tartlet pans and added in some apricot jam on top. They worked fine but I monitored the oven time closely. the dough is tasty baked as a cookie but I am happy I didn't have to deal with piping it around the pan in the original creation.
There are two huge errors in the recipe and for that reason, I am only giving two forks. Once corrected, this is a delicious and elegant dessert which is wonderful to serve at a formal dinner party and especially with the "Austrian Menu" of which it's a part in Bon Apetit magazine. The errors are in the baking time (75 minutes in total)..... 35 minutes for the base crust and then another 40 minutes after adding the filling and lattice is way, way too much and results in a dry, hard, and too-dark product. The first time I made this I followed the instructions to the letter and was very disappointed by the dry, hard result. I gave it one more try and reduced significantly each of the separate baking times. So, I did 20 minutes for the base crust and another 25 minutes for the filling and lattice for a total baking time of 45 minutes. This resulted in a very delightful and delicious result. I'm very disappointed in the lack of quality control and proof-reading at Bon Apetit magazine. If they had made this recipe as-written just once in a test kitchen, the baking-time errors would have been obvious. Another tip is to forget about the quark and use 100% whipped cream. The quark lends a sharp, sour taste which is not to everyone's liking. 2 forks as written, 3 forks with baking-time correction.
Overall, it wasn't bad. It's probably not something I would make for guests. The presentation turned out fine; the taste, however, just wasn't spectacular.It was interesting, though, and here's why: the cinnamon, cloves and chocolate combined nicely with the hazelnuts and apricot, creating a good flavor balance in which none of the flavors overpowered another. The chocolate was, in and of itself, undetectable. The challenging part was trying to pipe the "batter" (a better word is "dough") through a pastry bag; even at room temperature, it was too firm to pipe without breakage. Solution: if you have a plastic tip (or just the coupling), microwave the batter/dough for about 10-15 seconds, which helps to maintain the strips for the lattice/cris-cross pattern...
I had a little trouble with this. It may be due to my ingredients. The picture showed puffed, light colored lattice. Once I added the 2 tsp cocoa my dough was somewhat dark. Could it be because my cocoa was dutch process extra dark? Also, my dough was rather dry and not conducive to piping as it somewhat broke/fell apart during this process and did not puff much during baking. I used 10 oz ground hazelnuts from Switzerland and I am wondering if this affected the recipe. Hopefully it tastes okay
This is a great dessert. I made it for Christmas dinner this year(this would also be good for breakfast) Since i don't like Hazelnuts, i used pecans instead. I only had a 9" springform pan, so i suggest using less batter on your bottom layer, as mine came out a little too thick. Piping the lattice pattern made for a great finished product. Dusted with powdered sugar and a dollup of whipped cream (could not find Quark so i used plain yogurt and cream). I will definately make this again, and try blackberry jam instead of apricot.the key is the hot mustard.
I agree with London, Ont., nothing special. I expected more, but was disappointed.
First try gave average results. the reduction was great but nothing exciting with the mustard crusted fish or with the rapini. Lacked overall robust flavour but would give it one more try... please, any suggestionsI definately think it needed the saffron because otherwise it was very bland. I used long grain rice and I have to say the amount of liquid and cooking time were perfect but it says it makes 6 servings. I was shocked to find I had about 15 servings of this! I will make it again for a pot luck but we will be eating this forever.
I made this dish recently, but had to do it in two stages because I do not have that much time after work. It was great. I used my own homemade chicken stock and I used a little more saffron. It is absolutely delicious. Also I had to use Jasmine rice as i could not find the alborio.
Tried Arborio Rice and didn't like it. Used long-grain rice and it was a big hit and is a regular for my family, who love it.
Followed the recipe to the letter and ended up with a really disappointing dish. Would not consider preparing again.
This tasted something like what "Arroz con Pollo" would taste like if you bought it at McDonalds.
Arborio rice? It sounded strange and it was, try long grain.
this was sooo deliciuos
Very close to my Cuban mother's recipe, the only differences are we use a condiment called Bijol, available in most grocery stores these days, instead of the more expensive saffron, we add Sherry, and we use Piementos instead of roasted red peppers. I've also gotten lazy and use boned chicken thighs and breasts. Oh, well, mama would probably approve since she had to "make do" in the old days when we had to bring Bijol back from Cuba after our visits each summer.
Tp the cook from New York....didn't you read the reviews before you made this? If you would have you could have seen that no one has even commented on it since May of last year! That's a tell tale sign to me that it would not be very good!
I don't understand why everyone despises this dish. I did have to adjust the baking time so that the rice was more tender, but it turned out fine in the end. I also used boneless chicken breasts -- it made a very easy and healthful dinner that everyone enjoyed.
I'm sorry to say this dish was a disaster. Did anyone on your staff taste it? I'm an experienced cook and followed instructions to the letter and it turned out really bad. I would not try it again.
I would make this recipe again with certain modifications. First, I would leave out the saffron. For a lovely golden color, you can also steep annato,or, achiote in very hot olive oil. Annato can be found in Mexican groceries as well as larger supermarkets on the West coast (i.e. Ralph's, Albertson's, Vons, Stater Bros.). Remove the annato and go on to the first step of the recipe. I also like to add capers and green olives and brown the chicken first with chili powder.
You really need to check your authenticity of a recipe before giving it to the world. My family is from Barcelona, Spain and we have never had such a bad tasting arroz con pollo. Please redo your receipe by beginning with the Baking in the oven and the usage of Saffron. There is a product called "Bijol" which is sold in all supermarkets, it is a food coloring. TRY IT, IT"S ALOT CHEAPER AND GIVES THE SAME EFFECT!
i had a "latin" dinner party at my house and this did not turn out well at all. I followed the recipe exactly and the rice was not completely cooked. I had to improvise in order to save the evening.
I am spanish and this is one of our normal dishes. Normally we use artificial colour instead of expensive saffron and I personally don't get the rice into the oven. If we use parboiled rice, we just leave the food for 99% of the water to evaporate and it's very important to not to stir too much. If you use round rice, which is not parboiled, you should be very careful. Be exact on the measures of the rice and the water, use a cup and use exactly 2 cups of water by one of rice, and don't heat it until the rice is boiled. Stop boiling 5 minutes before it finishes, drop some garlic and parsil cut into very small pieces and leave it with its own heat while eating the starters. That's the way to have the rice a perfect way
I compared this recipe to an authentic recipe our family used from Spain. This one is a bit watered down, but okay. With regards to the person looking for a Mexican dish, Arroz con Pollo is not Mexican. It is a Spanish dish which has been adopted by the Mexicans which, I'm sure, has undergone some transformation. As most Mexicans and Spaniards know, these two cuisines are not the same!
This was delicious, easy and quick once all the chopping was done. I tried to make it "low fat" by not using any oil at all. I used skinned chicken drumsticks and thighs and non-stick cookware. I didn't quite see the point of steaming the saffron -- couldn't I have just crumbled it without that step?? Very tasty and filling and I will definitely make it again!
I wasn't sure whether this recipe was a Mexican recipe or not. My background is of mexican origin, and this wasn't at all like any arroz con pollo I've ever encountered. The recipe itself was fine, but if you were aiming for a mexican meal, this isn't it.A friend made these for a get together at my house. They were a huge hit. I don't understand the bad reviews. Only thing I will add when I make this (and I will) are toasted pine nuts. I like a little crunch.
I found this recipe to be very tasty. Two differences are that I used more cheese (I bought pre-grated and it wasn't very flavorful) and I wrapped the lettuce in flour tortillas. I also made it the night before serving it for lunch, and the flavors were better the next day. The recipe makes a LOT more than 4 servings, so I had it for a while. I started putting just a little mayo and some basil dijon mustard on the tortillas under the lettuce and I added some fresh diced tomatoes. Both additions made it even tastier. My guests all enjoyed it and I will definitely make it again. Simple and tasty.
This was awful. I have never written a review before but I felt I must warn others about this recipe. We ended up throwing the whole thing out. I made it as the recipe instructed and it was not edible.
This recipe was delicious
This recipe was deliciousYou there, unsuspecting culinary adventurer, turn back before it's too late! Do not be fooled by this recipe's seemingly awesome conglomeration of ingredients! I spent two hours and almost 30 dollars on this and it wasn't even edible. I spent an inordinate amount of time cutting up that celery root into stupid matchsticks. I used those four pans and dirtied every single inch of my kitchen. I got olive oil in my ear. And in the end, my husband ate one bite and refused to eat another. And for some context: this man eats *ANYTHING* I make and tells me it's good. So what was the matter with it? The flavors were bland and the combo didn't go well. And whatever was I supposed to do with the lemons and onions and carrots that went into the pot to cook with the artichokes? Just throw them away? It's an expensive, wasteful mystery. Moreover, the artichokes smelled delicious when cooking (actually, everything by itself smelled kind of good). The whole was less than the sum of the parts. This recipe actually deserves negative forks, but apparently that's not an option. Sigh. I'm going to go down the rest of the bottle of wine I opened for this and try to forget this disaster.
This really was delicious, especially the dressing, in which the additon of toasted walnuts added an intriguing rich & smokey undertaste--I'd make just this again, for salads (hint--it needs a bit of salt). We only had 2 artichokes, so had to improvise. They needed more cooking time (confusing as to what a "large" one is--we had globe sized ones). We added leftover roasted chicken, which we wanted to use up. Beyond this the salad takes well to improvisation--it's a dull beige, so we added grape tomatoes & green olives for more color. Also subtituted scallions for onion, which seemed too strong. Even tastier on the next day.Hated it as shown, over artichokes. i thought it tasted to oily, and overpowered the artichokes. Added some balsamic vinagar to cut the oiliness, and served over a mixed greens salad (with taosted pine nuts), and loved it ::shrug:: Go figure.
Extremely easy and great...very tasty. I don't like capers so I omit them and is still delicious.Quite disappointed with the flavor of the recipe as written - not nearly enough tang for us. Maybe more goat cheese would have helped. Doctored it with sour cream and horseradish to save the dish.
Fabulous, although while I used smallish potatoes, this served three people. I think you'd want to make more if indeed you wanted to make enough for six.
A great side dish. Went well with the *Filet Mignon with Port Wine Glaze. *Also found on this site.
Yummy!
Great potatoes! A nice balance of bitter and sour flavors - goes well with many different kinds of meat.
these are mashed potatoes like never before!!! I made them for a dinner party and everyone loved them. However, I would add more butter!!!I think the concept is good, but the recipe doesn't work that well as written. Since there were so many reviewers who said the texture of the polenta was off, I just made it my usual way with regular (not instant) polenta, with a 4:1 ratio of water to polenta. The dish is much better with plenty of cheese added directly to the polenta at the end of cooking, rather than just a sprinkle on top at the end. Also, it's impossible to "spread" the arugula mixture over the polenta. The arugula is chunky and the polenta is soft. You really end up just sprinkling it. The arugula needs to be done before the polenta is done, or the polenta will firm up too much and the arugula won't stick. I added a little slice of sun-dried tomato to each for color and a little sweetness.
Great dish, but I'd say that the polenta proportions are off a bit. You need more cornmeal to water, most recipes that I come across are 3 parts water to 1 part cornmeal, not 4 to 1 as this recipe suggests. I tried with the measurements listed here, and my polenta didn't set up and was awful (even with cooking as long as recipe suggested). Re-did the polenta using 3/1 like I usually do and it worked like a dream. Tasty, and the canapes were a hit when served.
You won't have a problem with the polenta maintaining its shape if you just cook it as long as the directions say. It looks like it's done well before that, but you really need to get the water out. I've made this with arugula and with spinach and prefer the arugula, but it's not always easy to get good fresh arugula. No raves, but there were only 2 tiny pieces left. Too easy not to make again.
Alas, this is the first time a recipe just didn't work. The arugula mixture didn't have enough punch and the polenta was mush. When a slice fell on the floor my dog wouldn't touch it; and my dog eats credit cards, ballpoint pens, and pantyhose...
Easy to make ahead and a terrific hit at several parties it's been served at - I substituted spinach for the arugula leaves. This is easy and makes a large quanity. Perfect for a big party.
The polenta was total mush after broiling.
Easy to make ahead, and my guests raved. I might leave the oven on bake for a few minutes before switching it to broil, as they didn't really heat through enough for my taste.I thought this recipe was really tasty. I made the sesame dipping sauce and it was enough for all the chicken and tofu. The only additon I would recommend is one whole star anise to cook with the broth.
In Japan, we call this nabe and I'm sad to say this is a sub par recipe for it. Here's a couple of recipes for nabe: http://www.banzuke.com/chanko-nabe/This was horrible!
Another of the sauces I used for my fondue party. Went particularly well with the marinated beef cooked in a pho-style broth. Yummy!
This is a great nuoc cham sauce, has a few tweaks here and there compared to other variations I've tried, e.g. more lime juice in one or less sugar in another, etc., but essentially the same ingredients. We have a fairly large Vietnamese community here in N.O., and many of the cooks I know from there each has his or her own variation based on personal/family tastes. One thing that's always been stressed to me though.."very important to use the pulp from the lime..." Also, nearly everyone I know shreds carrots into the sauce & some calling it "pickled carrots" when recommending to non-natives. This one will go with my collection.To say this dish would be good for Vegetarians is insulting - it's incredibly bland.
I love Pasteur, and the vegetable mixture in this recipe is attractive -- but there's just not much flavor to this. Perhaps the vegetables need to be seared/stir fried?
How disappointing! Talk about curiosity killing the cat... The combination of oyster sauce and coconut milk just turned out weird. A complete waste of good ingredients.
it,s a simple & nutricious dish for all ages.Especially for the vegetarians.
I really liked this dish but modified it a bit. I used low-fat coconut milk, added veggie broth and used fish sauce instead of oyster sauce. With a few subtle variations I thought it was great.
this is really a gud dish i'll definately make it again
Although this dish sounds like a nice change from your regular stir fry, I found it a huge disappointment especially after using such a good variety of vegetables. The oyster & soy sauces took away from the coconut flavor and the sauce ended up really thin. I won't bother trying to thicken up the sauce "next time" since the flavor wasn't even appealing enough for me to try this recipe again. Next time I'll stick to the more traditional Thai curries that use coconut milk.
This dish gets my approval because of the sheer simplicity in preparing it! The sauce was great & the coconut milk was an interesting addition. Plus, this recipe makes the perfect amount for two, so no halving required!
This is a good recipe. I used a variety of veggies, and baked my own tofu marinated in a teriyaki style sauce. I liked it, it was different from a lot of the other stir fry dishes because of the coconut milk, but not as heavy as a thai curry.
This recipe was a real dissapointment. I definately won't be making this again. It sure sounds good, but when it's all made, it's not very good at all.
Because I was making this for 6 people, I needed to at least double the recipe, but instead, I decided to add more asian veggies, i.e. bean sprouts, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts. I don't particularly care for tofu so I substituted tempeh instead...it was excellent! I loved the addition of coconut milk, whick I also used to make the rice, cutting the water in half and substituting the coco. milk... It was a hit!
The coconut milk was a nice twist on a traditional stirfry. I will keep the recipe on hand for use with whatever vegetables are in season.
A wonderful,healthy recipe. I used a low fat coconut milk. Since I couldn't find the "baby"stuff, I just used the "normal sized" vegetables. It was great, served with brown rice.When I made this recipe I cut it in half. I also added a bit more garlic. The asparagus was nice parboiled but I didn't think it was necessary for peas. I really like this recipe because it is lowfat, healthy and sooo good. I like the different variety of vegetables and I also added some french breakfast radishes. Since we still have asparagus, I will keep making this dish.
not even worth your trouble!!very bland. Added maple syrup and sherry vinegar to add more flavor. Also added some salt, but still not very exciting!
My husband isn't a big fan of asparagus, and he loved it!!
Silver Palette's version is good - butter insetead of olive oil and pistaschios instead of hazlenuts - yumm!
I liked this recipe; it's a good alternative way to serve asparagus, since I serve it at almost every meal during the spring. I agree that it isn't an amazing recipe, but it's a nice diversion from just eating it plain. One thing--I think 6 minutes in water is a long time; I prefer to steam for no more than 5 minutes.
This is a easy light way to prepare asparagus, I had fresh oranges. Will make it again for the holidays. LOOKS and Tastes Festive.
x
I have to agree with others that this was too bland of a dish. I wouldn't make it again.
I prepared this dish several times - it has a fresh citus after taste. I also added toasted almonds during other preparations.
This recipe seemed like a great idea, but in reality, was pretty bland. A little melted butter is srill a better complement to asparagus.
Ho Hum. Nothing exciting, and the sauce did little to complement the asperagus.
We did not care for this one, not really bad but with so many ways to fix asparagus, this one is off the list. Some melted butter with a touch of garlic and nutmeg and a sprinkle of Parmesan is easier and more to our liking.
Very nice, simple combination of flavors, and reasonably quick and easy, I think.
I served this at Easter and found it to be a nice twist to plain asparagus. Worth the extra effort.
An easy dish to prepare. My guests loved it. The orange sauce gave the asparagus a light tang that all enjoyed. Would definately make it again.
This is good, fast and easy. Even my cats wanted some of it! I couldn't get hazelnuts so substituted toasted walnuts.Made this to go with Thanksgiving dinner, we all love asparagus. This was very good, and everyone at dinner commented the same. One thing ... it did NOT reheat well as leftovers. It picked up a bad taste - I'm thinking from the lemon maybe? So my advice is only make enough for that meal, and throw out what is not eaten!
It wasn't that it was BAD, it just had no flavor, therefore, I would not be interested in making it again.
The scallions didn't add enough flavor to cut through all of the butter. The asparagus seemed weighed down by all the butter, I prefer my asparagus a little crisper and I may have cooked them too long.
Delicious!
Scallions, my favorite veggie, meet asparagus, my husband's favorite veggie. Don't strain the sauce, but don't add anything to it either. Perfect as is--a quick and tasty adornment. Remember that the recipe makes way more than enough for 2 people, and use the microwave to cook the asparagus first. Great!!
Don't drain off sauce...keep it whole and add a little cream and a couple of turns of white pepper.Very good-a pleasant departure from the norm.
A slight bit too much vinegar.I wasn't too impressed.
I loosely followed the recipe, substituting tobasco for cayenne (2 Tbs maybe) and coconut for the cheese. I also decreased the amount of orange juice and added fresh mint leaves and a bit of honey.2 ripe avocados, 1 tsp lemon juice, sea salt to taste, 4 mashed cloves of garlic, pinch of tobasco sauce, one drip of olive oil - that's it THE BEST GUACAMOLE YOU WILL EVER TASTE GUARANTEED
I don't know anything about "authentic" guacamole, but I just prefer avocado with lime juice, garlic, salt, and maybe some cilantro.
So many recipes put too much stuff in the guacamol--they turn it into a barbarion form of salsa. I like this recipe because it brings out the natural taste of the avocado. I add the juice of one lime and 1 teaspoon finely minced, rinsed and dried white onion. Then it's good to go.
This recipe may be "authentic," but it certainly should be entitled a "boring version" of an old, respected,and most favored recipe, if one can ever find a boring avacado application. There are many varientions that have greater appeal. The avacado is, of and by itself, that magnificent, marvelous creation that is both healthful, and delicious. In addition, it makes one feel indulent, no matter how it is eaten. Incidently, it is also a great additive in various health and beauty products.
This recipe may be "authentic," but it certainly should be entitled a "boring version" of an old, respected,and most favored recipe, if one can ever find a boring avacado application. There are many varientions that have greater appeal. The avacado is, of and by itself, that magnificent, marvelous creation that is both healthful, and delicious. In addition, it makes one feel indulent, no matter how it is eaten. Incidently, it is also a great additive in various health and beauty products.
Avacado, or as it is called where my wife is from, Palta is best when kept simple. The fruit, finely diced onion,a little chile, a tiny bit of tomato and a little squeze of limon. To my friends that have differing opinions I must remind you that the one of the most interesting aspects of foods from Latin America are the variations from different countries, regions and homes. The most wonderful aspect of this is is falling in love with a dish and then finding variation that is just as good, just different.
Guacamole is completely dependent on the quality of the avocado. It must stay on the tree until almost ripe and then ripen fully (avocados will increase in sweetness and fat content as they ripen, unlike other fruits) on your counter. Mexican avocados are quite wonderful, but well chosen American ones are also. Cilantro is a must, but is to taste. Chiles are also. Chiles now seem to have no scoville rating. More chiles might have to be added, but oxmoronically some chiles now have a "raw" vegetal taste that is off-putting. It is best to buy a variety of chiles unless you know your source. Tomato is also required. As is onion. But, the primary flavor is the avocado. It is best to make this and serve immediately. Pits and plastic wrap do not help with oxidation. Lime will. But then you are making a different version of guacamole. In Guatamala (transplanted to LA) one would add lots of lime and toasted Mexican oregano. What is nice about this recipe is that is true to the ingredients. Garlic, water, other sauces are quite disgusting. If you want that then go to your local chain restaurant and eat the 7-layer dip. Or maybe 7-Eleven and get some taquitos. Choose your fruits carefully and it will be a wonderful taste.
Guacamole is, basically, mashed aguacates. You can add, as in almost every recipe, whatever you like or dismiss what you dislike. Aguacate, like chocolate, tomate, are originally from Mexico. In Mexico the most common recipe for Guacamole has avocados, chopped onions, Serrano chiles, and, always, fresh coriander leaves. Some people put some lime drops to it to avoid it getting dark to soon(oxidization from the air). This can be fairly avoided if you put the avocado pits to the guacamole and seal the container with plastic wrap. Something that you never see in guacamole in Mexico is cream. To our dear friend from Guatemala, I would like to point out, that, to start with, there is no avocados in your Country. What you call aguacate is the same fruit that we have in the Mayan part of Mexico, which we call "pagⁿa" and is a sweet, blunt, unpleasant consistency, large, yellowish fruit.
If this is authentic Mexican guacamol, so what? I can offer you a better recipe of Guatemalan authentic guacamol. Why waist your time with this tasteless dish. I fell sorry for you guys who get so excited at anything that is mexican while turning your back to better recipes from other parts of latin America. Where can I send my recipe for guacamol?
Well I, personally, have always added some mayonaise to it. It gives it a more creamy taste and appeal. But it has to be mayo, no substitutes, like miraclewhip. Well, my Mexican family seems to love it!
add chopped onion,cilantro and lime juice and now we are talking about real guac (por lo menos en Guerrero,Mex) Buen provecho!
The TRUE secret to authentic guacamole is the creamy, rich avocados found only in Mexico. There is nothing to compare in the U.S., unfortunately.
I agree with the cook from San Francisco. Good guacamole is purely a matter of taste, so even though this authentic recipe is vastly different from my "gringa" recipe, it appeals to me nonetheless. I personally add grated onion, lime juice, salt, cayenne, a dollop of sour cream, and cumin to my guac. When people can deal with minced cilantro, I add that as well. And when people want it polluted with tomatoes, I'll throw those in. But the basic recipe remains the same. Happy eating!
Making the best Guac is like making the best pizza - it's all good but personal taste will determine greatness. In the end guac is about avocados. If they're fresh and flavorful, all the preferences shown by readers will come out well. ...As long as you don't overwhelm the flavor of the avocado. All that said, this is a great recipe for the purist with the only risk being controlling the peppers' heat. Eat it right away - no citric acid means a brown bowl develops faster.
Hey everyone. You don't need to add all of that extra stuff. Just enjoy it as it is meant to be eaten in this recipe. I am a chef from Canada with many South American friends and I have discussed this with them in great detail. And with everything else there is no actual known/proven origin of the dish. So the way you prepare it,is the way you prepare it. Thanks happy eating
i agree with the others it needs lime juce corriandar and onion
I just returned from vaca. in Acapulco and, although I have not tried this particular recipe, I read over the ingredients and comments from other reviewers. Guacamole is one of the best treats in MX. I must say that, in all of my experiences in many different restaurants, it was coarsely prepared, but creamy, and usually contained small amounts of finely diced onion, finely chopped tomato, minced jalapeno, garlic and lime juice. When served as an appetizer along with their fresh but simple tomato salsa (chopped tomatoes, chopped cilantro, diced jalapeno peppers, diced onion)and a basket of warm, freshly prepared tortilla chips, you'd think you died and went to heaven!...especially if washed down with a GOOD Marguerita!!
I agree with the others that this would be better with lime juice, onion, garlic, and tomatoes. If you seed the tomatoes well and let them drain a while, they don't make the guacamole watery. I think they are more for looks than flavor. I just add a few on top for the contrast of red and green. This is also very good if you use garlic that you roast on the grill.
Unveiled Myths of Guacamole! Guacamole must include lemon juice, onion, red tomatoes, serrano chiles and cilantro, and of course salt and pepper. That's the basic recipe. Ingredients are cut in small pieces, even chopped, but NOT smashed. And then gently mixed. Serves with chicharron (of course kosher can skip this suggestion) and fresh cheese, like panela or ranch styles, but never feta nor any goat milk cheese. Of course there is also the poor people recipe, of an avocado sauce, also called guacamole, which has green tomatoes, cilantro, onion, garlic and chile. All blended with some water to produce a thick sauce. This sauce is used to serve tacos. For the first recipe for those who said that so much ingredients could not let you enjoy the avocado flavor, eat only the avocado so you can taste it! Lemon juice is used not only to add flavor, but to prevent avocado to turn black, and you may (and should) also leave some avocado seeds on the serving bowl to preserve freshness, but try always to mix all ingredients at the very last minute, although you can have them cut ahead, except for the avocado. And for better results try the Michoacan region avocados (yes, we export them!)which are flavorful fruits. To avoid a peculiar unpleasant tomatoes flavor use fresh ones, and take the seed off. Do not use the over maduration period ones, but firm red ones. Cummin is used for pork recipes, not for all Mexican and Cuban recipes, so try not to overuse including it in all recipes. Don't miss the next unveiled myths of... !
okay--i agree with the others. guac MUST have lime juice, garlic, and onions. just add that to the recipe and it will be wonderful!
EAsy fellas!!!! Some people are purists, some like more complex flavors. But to be honest, guac SHOULD NEVER have TOMATOES!! It waters it down too much and doesn't add flavor to speak of. By the way, its not feta that goes on the guacamole in Mexico. I beleive it's cotija.
AUTHENTIC???? Where??? On Mars??? The Houston guy is right, this "recipe" sucks. Where are the tomatoes??? Guacamole without lime juice?? Why even bother?? Might as well just eat the avacado right off the pit. Take it from Texans....we know guacamole (except for the Feta cheese thing.......I have no idea where the heck that came from). Here's another "great" recipe for you guys. Take a bowl, pour cereal and milk in it. True AUTHENTIC American food, no?
Now I know why my past attempts at guacamole were such failures -- I added so many ingredients I could hardly taste the avocado! Aside from adding some finely chopped white onion, this recipe is perfect. Definitely a keeper!
I'd rate this recipe as a zero if that were an option. How can you make guacamole without the basic ingredient of fresh lime juice? NOT even worth trying. Instead, select a minimum of 2 black avacados, ripe. Peel, seed and chunk into a medium-sized bowl. Mash with a fork, leaving chuncky. Add LOTS of freshly squeezed lime juice, diced red onion, fresh garlic, cumin, fresh black pepper, chiles and/or jalepenos, diced tomatoes-seeded, chopped cilantro. Stir together. Top with crumbled feta cheese. chill. Dig in! Nothing tastes better - THIS is how they make guacamole in Mexico!
Really lovely - a very pure guacamole that's particularly good with unctuously ripe Hass avocados. Easy and delicious, especially if you're looking for something creamy and simple to serve alongside something fiery.
So easy. So very tasty. A key ingredient this recipe is missing is: One small, finely-diced white onion. This lends some texture, and white onions are a bit sharper in flavor than the sweet yellow/brown variety ... A nice contrast to the creamy avocado. Try a coarse-ground salt (I use sea salt), & add extra serranos for snap. This is a fantastic beginner's recipe ... you can't blow this one. (One drawback (I suppose) is that it doesn't keep well at all, so you'd better eat it ALL while its fresh!)
My aunt gave me her original recipe for guacamole. She used fresh lime juice, salt and pepper to taste, tabasco to taste and chopped scallions. Omitting any of the above makes for a bland version.This is definitely an interesting recipe. At first taste I didn't think I was going to like it, however, it was addicting and despite my doubt I kept tasting it. Overall, I liked it a lot and am about to make it again.
I would never make this again. I followed the recipe exactly, and my husband had to choke it down (because I threatened him). My mom, a huge fan of my cooking, had to side with him, and I myself couldn't stand it. Too thickly creamy in texture--but not a good creamy, like an asparagus veloute might be. All flavor of avocado is lost, leaving you tasting slightly of sour cream and strongly of mystery. Since the smoked salmon didn't add enough texture, out of desperation I even sauteed a mirepoix just to have something in there with some flavor and bite. No luck. My audience tried it both ways, still thumbs down. I'd like to try a good avocado soup recipe.
I doubled the hot sauce and added some black pepper for a little kick. Although this is definitely creamy, it was very tasty and my friends and I liked it a lot,
I made this for my in-laws as it sounded so delicious. we were all fairly disappointed as it turned out way too creamy - so smooth that even top notch salmon couldn't cut it. Waste of great ingredients, in future I'll stick with my husband's great avocado soup recipe!Add about a half-cup of green chili salsa to it for a little more kick and texture. I've made it several times this way, served with corn crackers and it's always been popular.
Here's a variation that perks up the taste and improves texture: Use only 1 envelope gelatin. Use 1 cup sour cream and 1/2 cup mayo. Add one 14.5 oz can of Diced Basil, Garlic and Oregano Tomatoes, well drained (use juice for other dish). Increase lemon juice to at least 2Tbl. I put this mixture into six small ramekins (perfect fit) and it was great! Very tasty and texture not like lead. Also, I really liked this warmed in the microwave for about 1/2 minute. It was creamy, like a thick porridge and the tastes came out even better than when eaten cold. Yum!
Made this dish in a fresh lemon shell as part of my lemon theme party. We liked the idea and the presentation, but as others have written, the recipe lacked zip. I would make this idea again, but add jalapeno, not so much gelatin and perhaps mayo instead of sour cream.
This recipe is wonderful. I have made it several times in individual molds and serve it with tortilla chips at bbq parties and everyone loves it. I always add some freshly chopped cilantro, chopped jalape±o chiles (not too many)and chpped green onions..the result is great!
I thought this dish was unique and quite delicious! I served it on a bed of lettuce with sliced tomatoes. Everyone loved it!
Yes this recipe needs help. I added 2 finely chopped green onions (scallions) 1 4oz can of chopped mild green chiles, 1 tsp hot green chile powder and a dash of Crystal hot sauce. I poured it into individual molds (used a non stick muffin pan) and turned it out on top of an arugula salad. All my guests raved about this opener. Very easy to do. It made twelve servings.
This recipe was only "fine." It needs something. I added a little more garlic. Hot sauce maybe? No one touched it at the party.I tried this recipe because I wanted to try a different version of baba ghanouj, rather than the same old classic version (which I do love)... I followed the recipe exactly, weighed the eggplant and grilled it over charcoal. I pulsed it in the food processor so that the eggplant texture was still intact. I thought it was delicious, especially after the flavors melded at room temperature for awhile. I would make it again, alternating with a more traditional version.
I didn't follow this recipe exactly (or at all). I only had one eggplant and I peeled it, cut it longways, salted and let the eggplant sit for an hour on paper towels to get rid of the moisture. Then I brushed the slices with olive oil mixed with crushed garlic and pepper and broiled it until cooked and charred in places on both sides. I immediately transferred the charred eggplant to the food processor and added a tablespoon of red wine vinegar and a tablespoon of lemon juice, & the zest of the whole lemon for flavor. I also added a couple of cloves of crushed garlic, two tablespoons of tahini and I added the sour cream in tablespoons until it reached the desired consistency (2). The use of sour cream is actually not so unconventional in Baba Ganouj. I tried this dish in just about every Greek restaurant in the Plaka in Athens and many restaurants substituted mayo or sour cream for the yogurt. I prefer sour cream to plain yogurt.
I tried this both ways using most everyone's advice. Reducing the amount vinegar, tahini, and garlic; grilling instead of roasting in the oven (even roasted the garlic on the grill too), and scraping instead of peeling. The way with vinegar and sour cream was okay--just don't try to pass it off as ghanouj--call it something else. The other way without vinegar and yogurt instead I liked better anyway because after spending so much time with the eggplants I sure wanted to taste them. I would make this again (just to try with the pomegranites!) with the alterations: add a little more lemon juice, omit the vinegar and sour cream, at least 4 roasted garlic cloves, and 3/4c. tahini.
We have made this a few times for parties, and it's always a hit! The recipe makes a lot, and keeps well. Last time I made it and threw it in the fridge for a few days before serving. I used 4 medium sized eggplants and it turned out great. I plan to use plain yogurt next time but will reduce the vinegar.
I love baba ganouj, but I would not make this particular recipe again. Perhaps my eggplants were a bit small, but the vinegar completely overwhelmed the dish. I often freely substitute plain yoghurt for sour cream, which probably put the dish over the edge in terms of tartness, also. Anyway, since the vinegar is one of the first ingredients in, I was stuck with very sour baba ganouj if by adding it all at once, like the recipe calls for. I was bummed.
I ordered Baba Ghanouj from a local restaurant and loved it. I wanted to make it for my book club party and, while everyone ate it and commented on it, this Baba was not the same as I had previously had. I would not use as much Tahini, perhaps, and I would not put the eggplant in the food processor - I prefer it chunky. A few tomatoes added would probably be good too.
I love the way the vinegar and sour cream made this taste. The traditional version is sometimes a little bland to me, but this was full of flavor.
I thought that this recipe was great. So did the 15 or so people that I had as company the night I served it. For those who question the vinegar and sour cream, I say, who cares! The Baba was great and worth making again.
not good and to much not matching ingredients.. for real.
Despite this recipe's unconventional use of sour cream and other ingredients, I have received nothing but rave reviews for this dish. I have made it many times. It is simple and delicious.
While I appreciate other posters' points that vinegar and sour cream are not present in "authentic" baba ghanouj, I wonder how many of them actually MADE this recipe. I made it as written and everyone liked it. The vinegar and sour cream aren't patently obvious (of course, that may mean they're not necessary), but the tahini certainly comes through.
good grief, why would anyone use vinegar and sour cream? a note about the eggplants: don't "peel" them, scrape the flesh off the skin with a spoon. this way, you get the smokiest bits of eggplant, flecks of charred skin, and the best flavor.
Red wine vinegar and sour cream? What for? This is not even close to authentic baba. And it certainly needs some salt to bring out the flavors.
For the sake of authenticity: 1- This is a mutated version (even though it may be very tasty) of a dish popular in a number of Middle-Eastern cuisines especially those of the Eastern Mediterranean called "Mtabbal". Even though the authentic recipes differ slightly from one cuisine to another, none of them ever include vinegar and especially no sour cream. 2- The mentioned accompaniments (with the exception of pita bread) are strictly somebody's personal invention. It is customary however to garnish the plate with about a Tbsp. of fresh pomegranate seeds when in season. 3- This plate is often confused in Lebanese and Jordanian cuisines with "Baba Ghannouj" as it is known in Turkish and Syrian cuisines, that does not include Tahini but finely chopped bell pepper and sumac instead. 4- A personal remark: the quantity of garlic is extremely unrealistic (except for garlic addicts) as the norm is usually one big clove per a medium-sized eggplant.
My advise would be,do not put any vinegar,tahini or sourcream, but leave the lemon and add two cups of plain yougurt and parsley to garnish. Drizzle some olive oil and decorate with olives. It will be light tasty.
This recipe was easy and delicious. I love it just the way it is!
Don't use the sour cream or vinegar at all.
Vinegar and sour cream are alien to this type of Mid East food and should not be used at all.
This was the best recipe for baba ghanouj that I've ever used-great!
As a first generation American, I was raised on the foods from my parent's homeland in the Middle East. This is an interesting recipe, but the additions of sour cream and vinegar add unnecessary fat and unfamiliar flavor to what was already a fantastic recipe. Baba ghanoush, in both it's simplicity as well as flavor is an old favorite. It is also very good when the eggplant is smoked on a grill rather than roasted in the oven. This simple difference adds a subtle but tasty smoky flavor.I added 2 extra cloves of garlic and used 1 tsp. salt and 1/4 tsp. pepper. My husband who is very fussy about his dips loved it!
The first disappointment I've had from this website. Even with extra garlic and tehini it was pretty flat. Save yourself the trouble and save your aubergines (eggplants) for something more interesting.
Very disappointing. Save yourself the effort, try a different babaghanou recipe. Very bland, one-dimensional. We added mint and garbanzo beans to make it edible.
This recipe was very easy to make. I think the flavors need to blend before eating. I added extra garlic and cuminI say this was one of the best beet recipes ever. It's fairly easy. The elegant simplicity of it is so appealing. I loved it.
Was the chef(s), who created this recipe, on heavy drugs...I mean cream???
I would add oregano and garlic to it and take out the mint........much much better!
it really sucked.instead of the vermouth, sautee the zuchinni and squash with soy sauce, brown them a little first, then cover and let them cook through, throw in the soy sauce for a minute at the end and its soooo good
Not so exciting with baby yellow squash- even with vermouth and chervil it's too bland. Zucchini might be better.
Had no baby squash so sliced small yellow ones ,a nice change from my usual squash recipes.
great fresh presentation of zucchini during the winter. Easy to make, but should be served immediately.
substitute for vermouth for those who don't like either the taste or to cook with spirits? I use either chicken, vegetable or beef stock, depending on the recipe.Maybe I'm too much of a traditionalist, but for me, stuffing needs sage, savoury, or thyme. My daughter made this as directed, and after taste testing, everyone agreed the extra work was not worth it. Before serving it, we added sage and thyme.
Maybe I'm too much of a traditionalist, but for me, stuffing needs sage, savoury, or thyme. My daughter made this as directed, and after taste testing, everyone agreed the extra work was not worth it. Before serving it, we added sage and thyme.
My go to recipe for stuffing. I use cornbread instead. I've done shortcuts also because of time. The bacon just gives such a good flavor along with the apples. Will be using apples from my own trees.
We made this recipe as written, boiling the bacon at all. I do think I understand the reason behind the complicated bacon preparation: You want the boil the bacon to get some of the saltiness out of it, and then bake the bacon in liquid to get it crispy, but still a bit moist, without being greasy. That said, this recipe is an awful lot of work without a big reward at the end. After all was said and done, this was good stuffing, but not mind blowing stuffing. It was probably the least memorable part of our Thanksgiving meal this year.
Made the recipe, simplified it substantially by browning the bacon then cooking the onions in one frypan. Then put all the ingredients (including 10 cups toasted french bread) into a big pyrex dish. I had to punt on the amount of broth because I had changed the recipe some. I think I used too much broth. I then baked it for an hour or so. (I may have cooked it too long) It was good, but no one raved about it. It had a hint of sweet because of the the apples and fennel. No one could taste the fennel. This recipe has potential, but I will need to play with it to make it more interesting.
The recipe on page 171 of the Nov 2008 issue calls for 10 cups of 1-inch country-style white bread with crust.
The recipe on page 171 of the 11/08 issue calls for 10 cups 1-inch cubes country-style white bread with crust.
Tasted good, but the preparation is ridiculous. Why boil and roast the bacon first? Not worth the time commitment.
I made this according to the recipe, but I'm not sure why. Many steps seemed needless; a waste of time. Why not just brown and drain the bacon instead of boiling, draining, adding liquid, and re-crisping? And what's with all the switching from pan to pan? It requires much more broth than stated. My bread was crusty to begin with, and even more so after they had me toast the cubed bread. The taste wasn't bad, but I would not make this again without a number of revisions.
I google this and found the real recipe. It calls for 10 cups of 1" cubed white bread with crust on.
4 cups bacon out of one pound? I am guessing 4 cups bread 1 pound bacon.
how much bread??
Not so much a review - but just how much bread does this require - it seems to have been left on the editor's cutting room floorThese were perfect with my bean soup, especially right out of the oven. If you do 12 muffins they each turn out quite small. When you just barely combine the wet and dry ingredients the muffin texture turns out well.
I have made much better corn muffins although the bacon did add some newness. I would never make these for a breakfast again...only to be partnered with some new orleans style dinner foods.
Rather heavy, dense muffins. If you leave your bacon fairly large, the pieces will lose all crispiness. These are probably best as a breakfast substitute.
Not my favorite corn muffin recipe. The bacon weighed down the muffins, and the result was much too heavy.
these muffins tasted good (how can they not with bacon?) but they were VERY dense & heavy. not sure i did something wrong but not worth it to try them again.
Decent - although i followed the 2 reviewers suggestions to omit the sugar & I wish I hadn't. They need some sugar.
I've been making these for years and I agree, never, never add the sugar. Sometimes I add a little shredded cheddar. They're satisfying with almost any vegetable soup to complete a meal.
I am giving this 3 forks with a reservation! In order for them earn the 3 rating you MUST omit all of the sugar! Making these savory muffins with any sweetness will reduce the rating to a 1 fork (or less). With no sugar they are delightful and a great compliment to a heavy bean soup. It's a perfect winter combo!I made this recipe without the scallions. Other than that I stuck to the numbers though. They turned out really dry and not at all as sweet as the hush puppies i'm used to. I would suggest adding some sugar to the recipe for sure and doing something to prevent dryness.
I loved the flavor of these, but I agree with others; I've been eating hush puppies my whole life and these a little dry. A bit more milk and oil next time.
Easy recipe to make. To keep the hush puppies from being too dense, I separated the egg and whipped the whites which I folded in last. I also added a little sugar. They were delicious!
Two words... "Oh Man". This is by far the best hush puppy recipe I've ever used. It's my favorite comfort food - I make them once a year and tonight's the night. This is it - I've stopped looking. If yours come out like lead, then check the date on your baking powder. This was perfect. Just remember, a hush puppy is NOT a corn fritter - they're denser and more grainy.
I wasn't impressed with these. I also used a Fry Daddy but thought they were heavy and non-descript.
used buttermilk instead of whole milk and added minced jalapeno peppers
Great! I used a fry-daddy and they came out incredibly light.
Iam the exc chef at a club i run buffets daily this recipe works well try chives insted of green onionsMaybe I did something wrong, but this came out very bitter. Had to put sugar on top to make it edible.
How can chocolate, bananas and cream taste badly? They can't. It tastes quite good, but is a mess to look at. Certainly not a dish for company, but when you want something sweet, it hits the spot. Top with whipped cream to enjoy the hot/cold combination.
This was a quick and simple dessert. I wasn't sure about cooked bananas, but it was very good. I did stir everything for a second when it came out of the oven to combine the cream and chocolate into a sauce.
i was very excited about this dish, but after preparing and eating it i was a little disappointed. my chocolate and cream didn't mix so well, so after baking i stirred the entire mixture and made a rich chocolate sauce. i might try baking the bananas in condensed milk for a thicker texture and sweeter taste.
I was pretty disappointed with this recipe. I didn't care for the warm bananas in warm cream. My husband took one bite and pushed it away saying, "Yuck!" This made me very sorry because I had doubled the recipe and used a Scharfen-Berger chocolate bar for the chocolate. He concluded that I should have saved the bananas for banana pudding and I concluded I should have saved the "good" chocolate for molten chocolate cakes (w/ cherry sauce, found on this website).
The combination of bananas, cream and chocolate is unbeatable. Its hard to believe that so few ingredients could produce something so luscious, but they do. A fantastic dessert that takes literally 3-4 minutes to prepare--great for last mintue company. This one is a keeper.
This dish is to DIE for! It was just the right amount of sweetness. I made it for 4 people including myself, and we all enjoyed it.Simple, healthy and delicious! I roasted one (1) 2 lb striped bass and kept the proportions the same. I stuffed the fish cavity with fennel fronds, salt and pepper. The anise made the fish wonderfully sweet! Twenty-five minutes was an accurate cooking time before I added the fennel and onions.
Wonderful recipe. I made it with a 1.5lb skin-on striped bass fillet which I cut in half and then stacked skin side out in the pan with the fennel seeds and oil all over. Fresh fennel seeds are critical. Also, crushing them (I used a spice grinder) is essential. Since you probably aren't making this unless you like fennel to begin with, I suggest adding more crushed seeds (another tbs) to the fennel bulb mixture, as i did, which was very nice. Also, I thought that a little butter, no more than a tbs, would have enhanced the flavor of the fennel mixture and will add next time. Don't try to make this without Pernod (the real thing) as it is essential to the flavor. As with all fish, the key is not to overcook, so start watching like a hawk after 20 minutes. A Gewurz or Viognier goes nicely with it since the dish is aromatic. JK, new yorkI made this with slivered, toasted almonds and added some Parmesan cheese as well. Very tasty indeed. A keeper.
I put salt and lemon on the endive before I put it in the oven, and left off the cheese. I'll try it with cheese next time.
To each his/her own ---- we liked it.
I made this for a dinner party, despite the previous terrible review that I read above, and it was wonderful. I baked the endive without any covering for half an hour. When it started to brown I covered it and baked another 10 minutes, then uncovered it and put on plenty of cheese and walnuts. I put it back in the oven for another 10-15 minutes uncovered and with the heat turned off. Everyone loved it and it was very easy to prepare. I would definitely make it again.
Thank you, Atlanta, for critiquing this recipe for us. I love endive dishes, but I certainly won't waste my time on this one.
Blech! I love roasted/grilled endive, but this was awful! It came out watery and most unappetizing. I would not cover this during cooking. No, make that I would not make this again, but rather would stick to grilling oil/salt/pepper-brushed endive halves on a grill. We threw this away, it was so bad.A versatile, tasty dish that I have made time after time.
Theingredients were fine, but the method was too time consuming for the result. I do a similar, simpler and tastier recipe where I just chop up the squash, add tomatoes, onion, oil and seasoning (I prefer cumin and cinammon) put the whole thing in a crockpot until soft (6-8 hours on low) When serving, top with the feta and pine nuts. Easy, inexpensive, delicious and nutritious.
I tried this dish because it looked like an interesting way to prepare squash. The tomato/onion mixture was good, but it just didn't seem to go with the squash. Would have been better over rice or couscous. Also, I found the oregano overwhelming. Very disappointing, especially given the work involved.My husband and I really liked the dish, I didn't use any special paprika but did add a clove of garlic and used half the butter. He suggested it would be good on chicken as well. Very flavorful, colorful and easy!
I am iffy on this recipe still, but I think that I liked it, and I know my boyfriend did. I used tilapia which was great and the flavor of the lemon, butter, and paprika really sank in. I added salt and a scattering of bread crumbs.
This recipe was very good and easy, and had a fresh and healthy flavor. Our only changes were that we used ghee instead of butter, and my husband put some lemon slices on top of the fish before baking it. We'll definitely make it again.
This just seemed a little long. I just got a light salt water fish put in foil. Added a little olive oil (and/or butter), chopped parsley, squeeze of lemon, salt & pepper, paprika, and two slices of lemon on the fish. Close the foil loosely and bake on about 400-425 degrees for 10-15 minutes for a thin fish. Very simple and easy. Use a light thin fish.
We had this for dinner one night, and my boyfriend and I agree: Not very good. Not awful, but not very good. It looked, smelled, and tasted like public school cafeteria food (remember that stuff?), and I definitely won't be making it again.
I liked this recipe a lot. I used a halibut steak, just extended the cooking time. I will try with various other fish, I think this recipe lends itself to steaks not fillets. Served with smoothered summer squash from this site and Basmati rice. Poured some of the pan juices over the rice.
I made this recipe with orange roughy fish. It turned out very good. My family said it tasted like a lobster. So this is a keeper. The seasonings were very good with the paprika and cumin. I will make this again in the future.
Maybe the cooks who didn't like this weren't using a good paprika. That can make a difference.
I hate to say it, but this recipe was absolutely awful. We followed it to the letter, but ended up with something that was actually, much to my surprise, inedible. I guess we're not as in love with paprika as the others who said they would make this again.
Too much paprika and parsley
I tried this in my never ending quest to eat more seafood but I didn't think it was very good. IMHO, the paprika was overwhelming, if I do it again, I'd halve the paprika
Very bland . wont try it again
For a bit of a change use either tequila or white wine instead of lemon juice.
I made this recipe as written, but knew from the start that I had this served to me on my last visit to Mercy Hospital in San Diego, CA. What's not to like. By simply reading it, either you want to make it or you don't. It's what it is, a basic, very simple "fish dinner" If you want to kick it up to higher levels, look deeper into the "Epicurious" recipe vaults. Try a bit of Bearnaise next time!
Well as another reviewer has said this is a basic fish recipe - which so far as I know as been used for years (I am an older person!) so dont find it particularly anything different ! Very simple if you are in a hurry tho ! ----
If you can mess this recipe up you shouldnt be allowed in a kitchen.
This is your basic 'Baked Fish' recipe.... don't know how ANYONE could mess this up... it's a standard in my house and everyone loves it!
It's a simple recipe and nice for a quick but good tasting meal. I used lime instead of lemon and "fish and chicken" spice instead of paprika (because I didn't have any paprika)It was quite good
Cook from Washington: what exactly was the problem? This is a basic baked fish recipe. I wouldn't think that it could turn out badly. Assuming that you like the ingredients (e.g. if you don't like halibut with lemon, don't make it), could you be more specific, so that those of us who are thinking about trying this can avoid your problems???
I don't agree with the first reviewer. I think it was a decent weeknight meal, and I would make it again. I followed the recipe exactly as written.
Wow! (and I say that w/ disgust). This recipe is the worst one I have encountered on Epicurious. I reluctantly tried this w/ fresh halibut; and I don't think there is anything you could do to salvage it.Great for serving brunch to a group! I used one less cup of milk to prevent excess sogginess (thx reviewers!) and a shot of espresso instead of instant and no extra sugar on top, except for some powerdered sugar decoration.
The flavor of this is OK, a little too sweet, but there was WAY too much liquid. They came out very "mooshy" - the center was like undercooked oatmeal. We'll probably use the recipe for the custard again, but we'll use less (or no) sugar and decrease the amount significantly. Also, we probably would cook it on the stovetop instead of in the oven.
This has to be the furthest thing thing from french toast I have ever tasted. You know the french toast with a crisp brioche with a soft interior well this is not it. French toast is made from a brioche not baguette it is too crusty. It is also a bad recipe for Pain Perdu. It is in my opinion a waste of time!!!
We made this using strong drip brewed coffee, which did add a subtle depth of flavor. This recipe produced a very moist custard style french toast, which puffed dramatically when pulled from the oven. Sweet, creamy flavor and a very soft crumb. A satisfying meal with sauteed turnip greens, bacon, fruit salad, and of course a nice cafΦ au lait!
Made this twice, used 2% milk instead of whole, but otherwise followed the recipe exactly. Super easy to make. My husband & I loved it.
I actually made this recipe a while ago and never had a chance to write my review. While I can definitely see the appeal this may have with some people, it didn't do it for me. It was way too custard - y for my tastes. Taste was good, but texture didn't do it for me as a breakfast food. I prefer my french toast to be more american style.
Made this for a brunch get-together and it was a huge hit. Based on previous reviews, I drained off a bit of the custard mixture before baking.
If I had read the reviews before making it I would have realized that I needed to adjust the liquid to bread ratio. It was too moist, so texture was not Ok but taste was. I replaced the instant expresso for the real thing and it added great flavor. If using it this way, please note to adjust the milk amount by amount of expresso you add. I also raised the temperature to 425 for the last 5 minutes so it would get more golden and crispier.
Kind of a tiramisu for breakfast. We all loved it here. I let the bread soak in the milk and eggs for quite a while because the bread was leftover from dinner the night before and pretty dried out. Regardless, it alll worked and everyone was gushing about it. I was real happy with the results.
I was short on time and cooked these on a skillet instead of baking them. They were delicious, served with veggie sausages and maple syrup. The recipe definitely produces much too much custard for 12 inches of baguette to absorb, but I just threw it into the pan with the french toast. If you're concerned about it, you can just throw it in a ramekin and bake it along side the french toast for a nice little snack.
Did not work for me. Too much liquid for 12 inches of baguette to absorb. The remaining unabsorbed custard separated. Looked awful but tasted OK.
Isn't that just Bread and Butter Pudding using coffee instead of currants?Easy to make for a weekday meal but nothing special.
I made this recipe as part of the week-long Use Large Amounts of Leftover Ham cooking series. It was hands-down the best. The tarragon cream sauce is straightforward and delicate, as tarragon sauces go, but it nicely complements the salty ham, and the sliced cucumbers and mushrooms add texture if not a great deal of taste. Slice the vegetables super thin: you want them fine and flexible so that the sauce clings to them like pasta. (And please don't bother peeling and seeding the cucumbers unless for some reason they're monstrously huge and tough.) We upped the sauce-to-ham ratio considerably -- in our opinion the recipe as written makes enough for about two standard slices of spiral-cut honey-baked ham. I have already made this recipe twice, and people still gift me with cucumbers and hints for more. Simple and successful.
MY fiance and and I thought this was yucky as well! very strange flavor and we should have just eaten the ham plain and untouched.
I made this because the prior reviewers loved it. ICK! This is one of the most terrible dishes I've ever made. My husband & I ended up throwing it out. Terrible flavor!
Odd, but very delicious.
Another simple, inexpensive meal with really interesting flavors.I had to make this because I'd been eyeing it since it was published. Despite the two reviews, which both seem a little imbecilic to me, this was a great dish. I'm surprised more haven't tried it, but in a way it points to the sad absence of baked Alaska in modern cooking. Adapting it for an island tropical flavor is BRILLIANT...perfect for a small dinner party on a lazy warm weekend. I opted to make the sorbet...DO THIS! It's great, and really only takes ten minutes of active time. The rest is freezing and allowing to set. Note - I made the sorbet as instructed, but used 2/3 fresh pineapple and 1/3 mango. It's what I had, and I felt it really mellowed the sorbet into an irresistible tropical medley. The cake is a very French meringue cake (albeit with coconut). I followed the recipe exactly, but when I make this again I'll try to concoct something to slightly soak the cake with...as the French like to do. Perhaps something with coconut, rum and lime undertones. It was pretty easy to make these, the real challenge being getting them formed and out of the molds (biscuit cutters would be better to freeze these in, since you can then pop them out easier). But after a little effort, BAM. Just cook them long enough so that the sorbet just begins to melt, and you'll have the perfect dessert. Cold and warm, creamy and cakey, tropical, sweet and oh-so-awesome.
Where is the passion fruit?
Lot of work.....and the end result was not very tasty, plus it's totally frozen....not sure how to make it work.I love the idea of this recipe, and the filling was very nice, but skinning peach halves perfectly while raw and pitting them is very fiddly work, not (in my opinion) worth the result. I adapted it to make a kind of peach crisp, with peach slices and the wine in the bottom of a pie pan, and tripling the topping recipe to layer on top of it all. Also, I added some sugar tot he topping-- the cocoa alone was pretty aggressive.I altered this recipe to a different level, after reading the reviews. I made mashed potato's instead of baking them, made the beef accordingly, and then I made the sauce with just the yogurt and garlic paste, then added the meat and sauce to the mashed potato's. Next time I will do it differently by putting the mashed potato to a roasting pan and add a layer of pita split in two on top, then add the yogurt that the garlic was marinated in it for at least two hours (if not marinated the garlic will turn green) on top and bake for 30 minutes. What happens to the pita is that it thickens up and makes like a bachemal sauce on top.This idea was adopted from my mother in law who grew up in Cairo so it will make the recipe Egyptian :)
I've been making this for years and really like it. I also use either ground lamb or ground pork and think that both are very good. It's easy to make and a nice change from usual meat and potatoes recipes. Kids really like it,too. Try it!
I wasn't too impressed with this dish. The potato skin was quite dry, perhaps I should have sprinkled some water over the baking sheet. The yogurt sauce was a bit starchy due to the cornstarch. I should have used Greek yogurt (10% fat) and an egg yolk to stabilize it. However, the overall flavours were good, I liked the walnuts and the cinnamon.
I wasn't too impressed with it. I thought the potato skin was too dry, perhaps a little water should have been sprinkled on the baking sheet. And the yogurt had a bit of a starchy flavour, I suppose I should have used Greek yogurt with 10% fat and some egg yolk whisked through to stabilize it. Apart from that the overall flavour was good, I liked the walnuts and cinnamon. I'll probably try it again.
instead of wisking, which can break the sauce, try folding continualy as it heats through.
I find it hard to believe anyone cannot like the cinnamon and beef flavors together, and the yogurt sauce just adds! I do have to say though...that this does not make a particularly pretty presentation...(I had the same problem with the yogurt separating) and when you serve it kind of looks a little odd...definitely could use a special garnish! Will make again, when I do not have small kids at the table.
to the "cook" from reensboro - these are classic lebanese flavors - just because they don't appeal to you and yours does not mean they should not be "mixed" - cooking is an adventure.
My husband and I really enjoyed this. I added fresh ginger in w/ the onions and added the seasonings (plus cumin)to the meat while it was cooking. I also mixed fat-free yogurt and fat-free sour cream for the sauce. I substitued water chestnuts for the walnuts. Quite tasty!
Unlike the other reviewer, my husband and I liked this dish - and I will make it again. I think if you like cinnamon and beef together, you'll like this - and the walnuts add nice crunch. Would have given it four forks, but the yogurt sauce separated - still tasted good, just didn't look pretty. Next time I'll add salt and pepper to the filling.
Really did not care for this flavor combination. No one in my family was able to finish. Everyone said that just because you can mix any flavors, that doesn't mean you should.Sorry not a big winner in my house. Made it exactly per recipe, just wasnt very good. Tater was great to start ruined it with Chili. I wont tell you what to do different with this because it is some one elses recipe. Dont creep up someone elses recipe by telling them what you did different with it. If you changed it, you didnt do the original recipe and defeated the rating purpose here.
Nice combo of flavors and easy to make. Not that special but easy to customize.
The idea in itself is very good, but the chili isn't. Way too much cinnamon and oregano, no onion, simply no good. I'm probably going to make this, however, with South American picadillo, one of my favourite chili recipes (with onion, capers, almonds and peas).
Very good. I liked the combination of flavors.
The chili was not good at all. I agree with the other reviewers that the cinnamon was a bit too strong, plus I thought the large amount of oregano made it too herbal. I had to tweak it quite a bit to make it edible (added garlic, a dash of curry and a shot of maple syrup). I would serve chili over a potato again, but I wouldn't use this recipe.
Surprisingly tasty, I'll make a better bakedpotato next time! Used "white" potatoes rather than the yukon golds because they all sucked at the grocery store. :) Also substituted rw vinegar for balsamic, forgot to get that. Worked!
I have made this for years, by my own recipe. My husband and I are in our eighties, and we have lived all this time eating butter, cream, and fat. If you want a real good recipe for chili potato special, email me. I don't like when people make a recipe and tell all the stuff they did different, that's just bastardizing the whole recipe idea. If you don't like they way it looks in the recipe...write your own damn cookbook. Have a good day. Bertha Blevens
We loved it! We used extra chilli powder and a little more ground beef. We also cut back on the cinnamon and topped with cheese.
Husband and I liked this. Added extra chilli-powder and a can of red kidney beans. Also put taco cheese on top. Would use a little less cinnamon next time but it was very good and fast to make.Maybe a little green onion next time.
Made this for dinner and was very disappointed in the results. I think it was the cinnamon we didn't like. Would never make this again!
Although this wasn't the most incredible chili I've ever tasted, considering the short prep time and the fact that it was so simple to make, this is a great dish and I would definitely make it again. Contrary to some other reviews, it certainly was NOT tasteless.
It's baked potatoes with a kick! My roommates and I really enjoyed it. We added a bit more chili powder for more flavor, but this is a great dish! :)
IT WAS THE BEST FOOD I`VE TASTED IN MY LIFE! IT WAS REALLY GOOD AND MY FAMILY LOVED IT!
I am not used to cinnamon flavor in my chili, and this was not very good. It made a good dip for chips, but that is about it.
This was nothing special, quite tasteless. We agreed we could have put Stagg Chili over the potato or beef with Taco Seasoning and it would have been much better.(We've done both before.) I don't know what prompted me to make this. I would not ever do this again. (I'm writing this just after dinner. If I had waited to write this, I probably would not have thought it was this bad.)
Badass Recipe, couldnt wait to prepare it, and the taste went beyond my expectations. In short this is the Ayatollah of Chili.I used branzino, substituted fresh rosemary and chopped garlic for the parsley and only used 2 lemons. It was extremely easy and makes a nice presentation. This got a "thumbs up" from my family.
We really enjoyed this. I used red potatoes that had a nutty flavor to them, and parcooked them for longer than suggested, about 25 minutes at 350. I used a large cod filet (was feeding 4) and placed that on top of the potatoes for another 25, and turned up oven to 400 at that point. The lemons were a great touch to the potatoes. Used chives instead of bay leaves. There were no leftovers. Served it with an arugula salad with parmesan, and sauteed mushrooms.
Was pretty disappointed with this recipe. My husband, who eats all kinds of different fish thought it was a bomb. I cooked my fish for 35 minutes on top of the potatoes as specified and it was over done. Maybe others will have better go of it than I.The recipe works because it's so simple. It should be emphasized that it's very important to roll the dough very thinly. This way the bread is more puffy and light. With whole wheat flour I needed slightly more water. I felt that a tsp of oil in the dough made it more pliable and a softer chapati in the end.
Very good with spicy dishes and easy to make. We have enjoyed this type of bread in Indian restaurants for years. We will fix this at home often. I reccomend brushing with a very small amount of melted butter.
my visiters loved it and told me to send them the recipie
Too little water . For 3 cups of flour water should be 1& half cup. For dusting flour you only need one quarter of a cup of flour. Kneading time is only 1 to 2 min.
Alot of work for a bread that is so simple to make. Usually I just add whole wheat flour to water and salt. Knead it for 2 or 3 mins (NOT 15 mins) then roll them out and cook on an ungreased skillet. I showed an Indian friend this recipe and she laughed.It was pretty good. My family liked it. I would say bring up the heat to 425 at least to get the fries in less than a half hour. Instead of cutting them in lengthwise slices, I cut them in circles, just chopping the zucchinis, and that baked faster. they could be like zucchini chips.
This coulis is wonderful as a pasta sauce with some diced tomatoes; a sauce for salmon and anything else creative. My family absolutely loved it! And the farmer's market tomatoes are SO good right now.
Terrible recipe. The "coulis" is little more than warm tomato puree, the "fries" need temperatures much hotter than 350 to become fries (a deep frier would be ideal), and the whole thing is a mess to prepare for a very, very disappointing result. The idea is good, but the execution is bland and insufficient.
even with modifications this is still pretty bland. I added parmesean cheese, italian seasoning and garlic powder to my breadcrumb mix and it still taste like blah! (thats the sound my baby makes when he spits something out :)) definitely need to raise temp to 425 to ahieve crispiness.
Another suggestion to simplify things. Put the flour in a ziplock or brown paper bag. Toss in all the zucchini fries, close the bag, and toss. Then you can take out the fries as you need them to continue with the coating.
This rating is due to the fries that I made with all of the suggestions from previous reviews. They were wonderfully crispy and slightly addictive :) Thank you to everyone who contributed! The only thing that I found was that it took quite a long time to coat all of the pieces in flour, then egg, then panko.
Oh yeah, and bump up the heat to 450.
This is actually a four-fork recipe but only with modifications. First of all, to keep from having severe clumping problems and ending up with a glove of breadcrumbs, try this. Prepare yourself with the three plates (flour, egg, breadcrumbs) and two forks (one for the egg and one for the breadcrumbs). Drop a few fries at a time into the flour, toss, and tap off the excess dropping them into the egg after you've tapped them off. Use the egg fork to toss them in the egg and use the fork to drain off excess egg. Once they stop dripping, drop them into the breadcrumbs. Use the breadcrumb fork to toss them in the breadcrumbs and put them on the cookie sheet. You'll still end up with some clumps but a whole lot fewer and you won't end up using all the breadcrumbs on your fingers. Secondly, spiff up the breadcrumbs by adding a generous amount of salt and whatever seasonings you like (garlic powder, onion powder, etc.). Using this method, I guarantee, this is a four-forker. We use pounds of zucchini cooked this way (with or without the coulis although, during tomato season, the coulis is yummy).
One of the worst recipes I've ever tried. The egg doesn't stick to the flour and the only things the bread crumbs stick to are your fingers. Then either the temperature is not high enough or the time is not long enough. Either way, they were not cooked all the way through. The fries were bland and the breading had clumped together on them and in the bowl so even if I'd made the second half, I'd have had to use WAY more bread crumbs. There was a TON of flour left over and I used 4 eggs, not two. I didn't make the coulis, but after what happened with the fries, I'm glad. DO NOT TRY THIS!
First off, kudos to the reccomend of 425 degrees. The crispiness was awesome! Very happy kiddos! I didn't serve the coulis, because I was making this at the last minute, although next time I will. You will go thru about 3X as much eggs and panko crumbs. Make sure you have extra of both. Also, it absolutely needs punching up. I added ground garlic, parm, and oregeno. It was still "eh" for seasoning. A definite picky kid healthy snack keeper!
I made 2 batches (I had a lot of zucchini to use up).The first I made as instructed and the fries were very bland. I don't understand why you are instructed to use unseasoned bread crumbs just to have very bland fries. I will say, though, that my 2 year old thought they were just perfect. He couldn't seem to get enough. I do also like that they are baked and therefore, quite a healthy snack. So the second batch I added a lot of seasoning and nutritional yeast to the breadcrumbs which was a big help. At the end of 2 batches, however, I think I used up about 6 eggs and still has most of my original 1 cup of flour left over. Another reviewer had problems with the breadcrumbs becoming to sticky and clumpy..I avoided this by letting the clumps pretty much stick to my fingers and just wiping them off periodically. I did waste a LOT of breadcrumbs though and had to keep adding more and more to the bowl. But it was the only way to do it. Oh, and I cooked them about 5 minutes longer, which was necessary. So I would make this recipe again but only with modifications.
This one was kid-approved! We ran out of breadcrumbs so ended up doing 1/2 with breadcrumbs and 1/2 with ritz cracker crumbs. Both turned out well. We convection roasted at 400 degrees. They turned out crunchy and tasty, allowing our kids to add a veggie to their limited veggie repertoire.
Soo disappointed. I followed instructions and ended up with undercooked zucchini that just about none of the breading stuck to. I also needed a third egg, had lots of leftover flour and a bowl full of breadcrumbs sticking to themselves in clumps and no longer sticking to the zucchini. I put the 'fries' back in the oven so at least the squash was cooked but then it was just baked zucchini with a side of bread crumbs.
Soo disappointed. I followed instructions and ended up with undercooked zucchini that just about none of the breading stuck to. I also needed a third egg, had lots of leftover flour and a bowl full of breadcrumbs sticking to themselves in clumps and no longer sticking to the zucchini. I put the 'fries' back in the oven so at least the squash was cooked but then it was just baked zucchini with a side of bread crumbs.
My coulis turned out waaaaaaay too watery, and I kept trying to reduce it down, but no luck. The zucchini fries will be made again-- they were quite crisp and I think my toddler will love them too.
I had one of those "I can't eat these slow enough" experiences with the zucchini fries. So delicious! I cut them thicker than recommended somewhere closer to 1/2 x 1/4 x 2 inch pieces and next time I'll cut them a little thicker as the thicker fries were just butter creamy soft in the middle and that will also cut down a little on the prep time. Reading other reviews it seemed most folks loved the coulis, I wasn't a big fan and thought the fries were wonderful on their own. I'm really looking forward to making this again for friends.
The coulis is fabulous, no doubt. The fries definitely need flavor enhancement and plenty of salt. I grated in some parm but it was not nearly enough to coax much flavor out of the zukes. A wonderful treatment for healthy snack but add cayenne and/or lots of herbs to the flour.
My significant other, who does not cook well, followed this recipe and was very disappointed that the fries turned out wet and soggy. We bumped up the oven temp to 425 and bingo! Crispy fries. Only about 7 minutes one side, 5 minutes on the other. Used a little spray of canola oil.
I found this recipe when searching for something to do with the zucchini in my CSA box. It turned out really well, even though I made some modifications. I only had Italian seasoned bread crumbs on hand, so I used those (and didn't add the salt and pepper), and the fries turned out really well. I especially liked how crispy the breading turned out, which was a surprise, since they were just baked in the oven. I also didn't have the ingredients for the tomato coulis, so I served the fries with ranch dressing instead, and that was really yummy! My toddler even liked these fries, which definitely makes them a keeper.
The tomato coulis was wonderful. I made a side salad using the meat of the tomatoes; used the end pieces and a couple of more tomatoes for the coulis. Did not go through the hassels of peeling and coring. Turned out fine. I followed the fries receipe and right before I placed the fries in the oven, sprinkled with olive oil. Made them really crispy.
I took the most recent advice, put fries on a rack, lightly sprayed with oil, and baked at 425 for 20 min in top part of oven. They browned nicely and were crispy and not soggy at all. Greatr suggestions, and fabulous results!
Based on some earlier reviews, I changed the oven temp to 425. I used Panko bread crumbs and mixed in a little garlic powder/salt/pepper. I put the fries on a wire rack placed inside the baking sheet (something I always do when doing baked versions of fried foods) to prevent sogginess and sprayed the tops of the fries with a little olive oil. I was really pleased with how they came out and my husband liked them too! They were very crunchy. I don't know if this is weird, but my husband requested ranch dressing for dipping instead of the coulis.
The first time we made this, we were out of eggs so I used olive oil instead; the second time we used the eggs. Much to our surprise we liked the olive oil version better. Also don't skip the coulis - we found it to be quite special and have used it on halibut steaks, tuna and a NY strip steak to great reviews.
Drowning in zucchini from two little plants in my garden. Running out of things to do with it. This recipe popped in my head as I was contemplating yet another zucchini on my counter. Wow! Turned out really good! Would've been better if fried in oil, but some of us have to give up those things. Didn't remember recipe exactly so put oven to 425 and baked 7 mins one side, 5 mins other. Gave fries a little spray of canola oil to help it brown. Used seasoned breadcrumbs and a jar TJ's marinara sauce. Fabulous. Will make again tonight.
Drowning in zucchini from two little plants in my garden. Running out of things to do with it. This recipe popped in my head as I was contemplating yet another zucchini on my counter. Wow! Turned out really good! Would've been better if fried in oil, but some of us have to give up those things. Didn't remember recipe exactly so put oven to 425 and baked 7 mins one side, 5 mins other. Gave fries a little spray of canola oil to help it brown. Used seasoned breadcrumbs and a jar TJ's marinara sauce. Fabulous. Will make again tonight.
Knowing zucchini can be pretty bland without a lot of help, I modified the recipe in several ways. Oven to 400. Sprayed the baking sheet with cooking spray. Put the salt and pepper and 1 teaspoon of garlic powder in the flour instead of the bread crumbs. Used 1/2 cup of SEASONED bread crumbs mixed with 1/2 cup of finely grated parmesan cheese. They came out crispy and full of flavor. The dish was met with rave reviews from the family, and I'd definitely make it again.
I used a 15oz can of tomato sauce and skipped the blender action. Loved the Coulis. Zucchinis ok, but not great.
Not really worth the effort. The sauted zucchini I made with the remainder of the zucchini I had was far superior and way easier.
Saw the first review, so I upped the temp to 400, which resulted in crispy fries. Overall, this was very bland. I even used Italian bread crumbs for extra flavor, but it did not manage to make the zucchini exciting.
Hubby and I are on a health kick as of late and bought a ton of yellow squash (which according to this recipe, is a suitable substitute for the Zucchini). I made this recipe despite the discouraging review prior to mine. I was actually pleasantly surprised. I did skip making the coulis and used store-bought (heated) marinara sauce for dipping the "fries", and it actually was a delicious combination!
I've been using epicurious for years, and this is the first time the outcome has been inedible. The "fries" were mushy and flavorless and the "coulis" was watery and didn't taste unique at all. Pass on this one!Not nice, sorry. Visionism is correct. The filling should contain a high proportion of ground almonds, plus almond extract. It must be possible to find an authentic Irish dessert. [Thinks: a steamed sponge pudding, or something using oatmeal]. To be sure, this isn't one.
I concur with Visionism. This was good but not a Bakewell Tart! I lived in the UK for many years, have been to Bakewell in the Peak District-eaten authentic Bakewell tarts-and its not even close. It's good however....but not the real thing and definately not an Irish thing!!
I'm a certified pastry chef..I tried this recipe and it came out great. As far as the butter being a large amount..it's completely normal now-a-days. A shortbread is a short dough because of all the butter...that's what gives it that consistency as opposed to a pie crust or puff pastry. I think it would be gross with any other type of crust other than what the recipe calls for..and shortdoughs with custard/lemon/jams are VERY european as well as very common in areas like Ireland, Scotland and England..So I think it fit the menu pretty well. Ireland is not known for their "gourmet desserts" let alone their food. I'd give it 3.5 forks!
Bakewell tart is made with shortcrust pastry, almond frangipane and raspberry jam. Nor is it Irish. This is just a cake with puff pastry around it.
Bakewell tart is made with shortcrust pastry, almond frangipane and raspberry jam. Nor is it Irish. This is just a cake with puff pastry around it.
Bakewell tart is made with shortcrust pastry, almond frangipane and raspberry jam. Nor is it Irish. This is just a cake with puff pastry around it.
This was excellent. Also added some fresh blackberries with the jam. Amazing results. For the busy homemaker using packaged store bought puff pastry works well also.
I did not have good luck with this. I bought the pastry so can't comment on that part of the recipe. Used Huckleberry Rhubard Jam. The filling seemed strange. It did not set up in the 45 min called for the recipe but took over an hour and a half, overcooking the crust. Tart inedible. Will not try again. Will make flan instead.
I bought the pastry which was fine, but I was not crazy about the filling. I know that the British and Irish do not go in for sweet desserts, but this just tasted a bit odd to me and my guests. The raspberry jam helped, but it was not something I will make again. (And I love Chef Armstrong's restaurants. I'm fortunate to live in his town.)
how is this a bakewell tart?! mr kipling is offended.
excellent, I used frozen pastry, interesting how many people have something to say about the recipe and have not read it in its entirety, or took time to make it. I will make this again on St. Patricks day.
I'm sorry,who would make a recipe these days that calls for 5 1/2 sticks of butter? No, I did not make it.
Has anyone made this?
Wake up and smell the yogurt. Anyone in the world who cooks borrows and/or steals recipes from everyone else and adapts them to their own tastes, requirements or ingredient availability. Just because this isn't the way Gram used to make it doesn't change the fact that it's bloody good.
How in the world anyone can claim that this is either anything other than thoroughly English, or halfway between a Bakewell tart or a Bakewell pudding, is beyond me. Necessary to read up on the history of the thing, if you ask me (and no one did). But why not make the real thing, if you are going to bother?
Did anyone read the introduction to the recipe? It said you could use frozen puff pastry. It also said that different chefs from different areas have come up with their own versions as did this chef, it never said this was the original recipe. So don't obsess over the almond vs. flour issue. Try the recipe before judging or just go on to something else and leave it alone
Not an Irish dish, Bakewell Tart and Bakewell Pudding hail from Bakewell, in Derbyshire, England (representing a certain irony here). The pudding is puff pastry and a custard style filling. The tart is made with short crust pastry, raspberry jam with a sponge top (traditionally made with flour and ground almonds) and is topped with a few almonds.
This tart was incredible. It's delicious as published but I'm glad I read the reviews and found out the filling can be made with almonds. As for puff pastry, yes, it can take the better part of a day but that's why most people make enough to freeze a six month supply. Even professionals use frozen puff because making it from scratch is labor intenstive. Just think of it like stock - you don't make enough for one batch of soup, you make enough to freeze 15 containers.
It looks like you'd have to live in the kitchen for an entire day to make this, that's why no one has done it. I like doing things from scratch, but puff pastry in the frozen section of the supermarket is the only way I would attempt this - too much work!
Why rate a recipe & write a review without making the tart? It just don't make no sense!!!
Did anyone actually make this recipe?
The previous reviewer was correct, the filling for Bakewell Tart is traditionally made with ground almonds instead of flour. However, don't miss the chance to eat at Restaurant Eve; it is an excellent restaurant!
I question the quantity of puff pastry. 4 cups of flour and a pound of butter for a single-crust, 8-inch tart?
Why make puff pastry and certainly not for this recipe. My mother made Bakewell tarts with ordinary pastry and taught me. They were cheap to make. With almonds it is a "maid of honor"
I have no preconceptions about what a Bakewell Tart "should" or "should not" have in it, so I'm giving this four stars to counterbalance the 1 given by the other reviewer who has obviously not tried this recipe yet, either.
I thought a Bakewell Tart should have ground almonds in it.Very nice combo of granita & baklava. The making of granita is a lengthy process, but tempers the sweetness of the baklava.
This title is misleading. It should only read "Rose Water and Tea Granita", as instructing to buy Baklava at the store (and not giving the recipe as the title leads to believe) does not make an accurate title for this. It seems like a way to to prompt readers to order the Baklava from the website mentioned at the introduction of the recipe.
The granita was scrumptious. I practically devoured every bite! I would suggest, however, creating an equally delectable baklava recipe for those of us who can't find readymade baklava easily.
The granita was scrumptious. I practically devoured every bite! I would suggest, however, creating an equally delectable baklava recipe for those of us who can't find readymade baklava easily.
This was really scrumptious. I have friends from Morocco, Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Iran. All of them have prepared some version of the Granita for me -- but each country has a different name for the dessert. I was so excited to taste this recipe and have the wonderful familiar flavor explode in my mouth. I immediately made some more for my Persian friend and we giggled and gossiped over half the cake dish. Then the husbands and kids found us and it completely disappeared. I never did get the baklava. I must say my husband is a VERY picky eater and does not like most Middle Eastern foods. He devoured my second batch before it was finished with its final freezing. For those of you with caffine intolerance, you can use decaf black tea and it taste the same -- without the jitters. Another hint would be to use a hand blender since it can be awkward to dish out the semi-frozen glob and try and blend it in the food processor bit by bit. Also, if you are having trouble finding rose water, you can often find it in health food stores or in nutrition stores. Just make sure it does not have glycerine in it.I love this recipe. It is better to serve warm, with warm bread. Be careful not to burn your garlic. 45min seems to be a bit too long.
This recipe was way to vinegary. I added additional garlic and proceeded with the recipe. The vinegar was too much.
I love this recipe. Incredibly simple to make, and a hit everytime I've made it. I love garlic, so I usually put in a little more than they recommend. Its best for me on rustic Italian or semolina bready. Good, good.
I can't rate this recipe as I haven't made it, but I had to point out that fresh garlic stored in oil does not "create" botulism. Nor does this recipe call for "fresh" garlic. It's cooked!! With *raw* garlic, if there are botulism bacteria already on the garlic it can grow in the oil (a no-oxygen environment) to where it can harm you. Simply store *raw* garlic and oil mixtures in the refrigerator and use up quickly. Also, the addition of vinegar in this recipe creates an inhospitable environment for most bacteria (too acidic).
YUCK!!! I did not like this at all. All I could taste was the vinegar.
Caution! Do NOT store this garlic oil for longer than one day: you can get really sick! Fresh garlic in olive oil, when stored, creates botulism. I can't believe that the recipe did not mention that.
Being a garlic lover I thought it was very good. Especially when dipping hard Pita Bread in it wraped around an olive.
I have had this at Grappa's many times. The chef told me it was made with canola oil not olive oil. I think that is the biggest difference in this recipe and the one the restaurant gave me. They have put together a video tape on how to make it and they say they never gave it to the magazine.
No way, this was gross. I had to throw it away before my dinner party. Very disappointing.
I liked this and some of the people at the party I took it to loved it.Actually, I used the filling sans bananas to make a custard filling for a birthday cake...it is so yummy. So my 4-fork rating is actually for the custard alone. haven't tried the whole thing but promise to soon.
I found this online, didn't pay attention to low fat. I decided no weird texture in Boston Cream Pie so I mashed the banana into the custard. Maybe that made the custard better but my cake turned out good, moist, my frosing was too runny, but overall the flavor was really good. Even got compliments from a "meat & potato" guy. Ha!
I made only the custard filling part of the recipe for a banana cake that I made. It was pretty bland on its own but with the banana flavored cake, it turned out pretty tasty. I think with plain vanilla layers it wouldn't have been strong enough.
We made this cake, but changed some of the low-fat items ie/buttermilk, to full fat. Even this did not help the taste. I found it VERY bland, even though we also doubled the custard filling. Would not bother with this one again.
I did'nt realize until I was already half done with it that this was low fat. Well it was OK, not great. I agree the cake was dry and I prefer a fudgier chocolate for the top. I like the addition of the bananas to the cake though. I would make it again if I had guests who were watching their weight.
The recipe seems long but the whole process is actually very simple.
This was from the 'light' cooking issue,so it is not as rich as a regular boston cream pie. The cake was a bit dry and the top cracked when I put on the top layer, so the presentation wasn't as nice as it should have been. The filling was so-so, but much better than other 'diet' fillings. And it is best to serve and eat within a day or two at most (the filling makes the cake mushy). It's worth the effort if you want to cut back on calories, not worth it if you don't.
I liked the idea - but the cake was skimpy and rather bland. The custard filling thickened in the pan, but loosened up when it sat cooling. Perhaps I did something wrong, but it was a disappointement for a lot of work.
It was delicious, good looking and easy to prepare I love the combination of banana with chocolate.
The cake was way too dry and dense, but it looked great
The only part of this recipe that was great was the filling. The cake was on the dry side,and the chocolate glaze was not rich at all. This was diet tasting pretty much all the way. Great idea for those who really have to watch.Great, light desert with subtle flavors. I substituted a single frozen chocolate truffle for the chips and placed it in the center. It does have a very light texture but not surprising considering its only egg whites without the heavier bechamel base. I will definately make it again.
This was very nice given the mixed reviews. It's a very simple and elegant dessert to make with staple ingredients. 15 minutes may be too long to cook - - after about 10, I noticed the tops were getting very brown and pulled them out. The texture inside was nice: moist and foamy - - I think 15 minutes would make them rubbery as one reviewer mentioned. I added a little vanilla extract for extra flavor and may try this again with raspberries for a different twist!
I agree w/Texas--this is not a souffle. Anyone who makes it shouldn't expect it to get a souffle. The texture was peculiar (rubbery) and the flavor was marginal. Next time I want a low-fat dessert, I'll eat a piece of fruit.
In response to all the complaints that this does not have the consistency of a regular souffle, guess what? It is NOT a regular souffle. What do you honestly expect for 120 calories per serving? Personally I really liked it and am more than willing to sacrifice the "souffle texture" for the low fat and calorie content. It is an easy, light dessert...perfect if you are craving something sweet at the end of a meal but don't want to blow your diet. I also served this to two non-weight-conscious males who thought it was pretty good.
This dish is wonderful. The texture is different than a true souffle, but the flavor is great. Give it a try.
The souffle was a huge disappointment. I will never make it again.
Considering how low-fat this recipe is it's quite yummy! It doesn't have quite the same texture as a normal souffle but it's still really good.
This recipe was more like a meringue than a souffle. It was thick and sort of rubbery. Not what I was expecting!This is definitely an asian dessert, which to me would seem out of place in a non-asian dinner. But with an asian meal it's a nice finale. I followed the recipe exactly and didn't have any trouble with the pearl tapioca cooking. The 1 hour pre-soak apparently did the trick. However, next time I would use regular coconut milk. I used Trader Joe's light coconut milk and the result was a bit more watery and not as coconutty as I'd like. Also, my pudding was quite runny. Will try 2T instead of 1T.
i've made this a few times, but used about 2.5 tablespoons of cornstarch instead of tapioca, and it's delicious. fresh and not too sweet, great combination of flavors and textures.
Not a habit of mine to rate a recipe I haven't bothered to follow nearly as written, but since the reviews were so-so I will. I used 1/2 tsp ground dry ginger and 1/4 c. sugar instant tapioca and sliced the bananas. It's a nice change of taste! Yes, even delicious and worthy of 3 forks. Tuck it in your recipe box.
I've made this a few times. I prefer using a little vanilla instead of the ginger, and I try to use apple bananas. Very simple and tasty.
Idon't know if it's just the combination of ingredients that makes this not work, but it's consistency and flavor aren't appetizing. It will just sit on the counter if you make it. No one eats it all.
I agree that the ginger flavor was overpowering, and the pudding too sweet. I also found the bananas gave an unpleasant sour flavor. It sounded much better than it turned out.
I found the amount of ginger to be too overpowering. The pudding was also a little too sweet for my taste.
This was really yummy and easy to make. Make sure you leave lots of time for it to chill in the frige.
There's a big error in this recipe--pearl tapioca needs to be cooked for an hour or so, until it is enlarged and transparent. If you cook it in the coconut milk before you add the banana, the pudding is delicious.I didn't (and still don't) understand why the bananas are cut lengthwise, rather than in slices, but it really doesn't matter, because it was all thrown away! None of us liked it. It basically turned out like warm, mushy bananas with a mediocre crumble top. We'll not be making this again.
I hate to say something un-nice, but this was kinda gross. I don't know if it was my bananas or what. I followed the recipe exactly. It may be better with more butter flavor, more brown sugar, nuts &/or some chocolate chips. Maybe I'll try to doctor the rest to avoid wasting food, but I won't make it again.
Yum! An excellent way to use up those leftover fruits. I added raspberries over the bananas and the kids (& adults) loved it! Thank you for a child-friendly recipe.
I would change the 'buttering the pan' to using spray vege 'butter flavored' spray. This would be a good weight watchers recipe breakfast dish.Sounded delicious, turned out horrible. Cookie crumbs and custard did not stay separate, but melded into a thick, gritty mud-like substance. Unattractive. Could have used a little less ginger (and I love ginger) as the flavor grew much stronger overnight.
This was easy, delicious and it looked great! I used Spanish 43 Liquor instead of banana liquor and it was fine. I also doubled the recipe and made it in a large glass bowl instead of individual bowls. I will definately make this again.I have NOT made this cake or the frosting but by just looking at the ingredients for the frosting I can say that it's a delicious one. I made frostings similar to this & they are divine paired with my carrot cake & my banana cake. Because there is already some sweetness to the white chocolate, try adjusting the amount of powdered sugar that you will add into it to your preferred sweetness. & to those complaining that the frosting came out too runny, try putting the frosting in a metal bowl & beat it over another bowl containing ice. This method helps thickens the frosting to your desired spreading consistency. Or after you have beat all the frosting ingredients together, store it covered in the refrigerator for about 15 to 30 minutes then beat it till it softens to your desired consistency.
absolutely horrible.
Eww. Ick Ick Ick Made as written. Not pretty, not tasty. I like the idea of bumping up the box mix but this wasn't it. Not worth tweaking.
The frosting was quite runny and was difficult to handle. After chilling it in the refriderater for a while and laying the cake pieces sideways on the plate when sliced it hid the problem rather well. I think next time I would try adding more powdered surar.
I thought this cake was very moist and tasted very good. I made it for a friend's birthday dinner and everyone loved it. I doubled the amount of white chocolate and added nuts to the batter.
The muffin mix saved a little time, but if you're going to go to the trouble of adding the other ingredients, might as well make a cake from scratch. I'd use regular cream cheese frosting in the future; The white chocolate didn't add anything worth noting, just sweetened the frosting even more. The best thing about the recipe are the toasted walnuts pressed to the side of the cake, that touch I'll use again.
This cake was personally not one of my favorites. The cake part was very good, but I did not like the frosting. The frosting was really runny, and when I spread it on the sides it all fell down and clumped at the bottom. So the presentation was not that great either. However those at my house who tried did like it.No, this isn't the super-foodie, make-it-organic-and-from-scratch recipe, and if you want that, you can find it. But I bet that a lot of people looking up this recipe are looking for the version their grandmother *actually* made, and this is it. The fact is, that when convenience foods came into vogue, people started using them! So, if you want the 'nana pudding of your youth, and you want it to taste right, this is the one. FWIW, I put some pudding on the bottom, then bananas, then wafers, then pudding, etc.Make sure to use really really ripe bananas so they impart their flavor. Save some wafers at the end, top with crumbles for a bit of texture.
Like a previous reviewer said,"I love my family too much to serve them this kind of 'garbage'". What kind of nutrition is in boxed pudding and/or wafers...NONE. Eating a plain old banana would be a much better choice.
I love that they've provided wine pairings for this recipe. [chuckle]
WAIT.. ARE YOU SERIOUS? HAHA THIS IS AMAZING. RIGHT OFF THE SIDE OF THE INSTANT PUDDING BOX!! WHAT THE HELL!?! AMAZING!
Did Mrs. Wilkes rip off this monstrosity from Sandra Lee of "Semi-Homemade" fame? To the powers that be: most of us are here at Epicurious to avoid recipes such as this. If I wanted to use all processed foods I would turn to Paula Deen, Sandra Lee, et al, not Gourmet or Bon Apetit.
I made this recipe using Jello Banana Creme instant pudding and 2 bananas sliced instead of 4. It came out great! My kids loved it and I plan to make it again soon. Forget the meringue and use whipped cream. Serve cold. A WINNER DESSERT!
The "authentic" southern banana pudding uses half the milk called for on the box of instant, a cup of sour cream, and a tub of cool whip folded in. layer with bananas and Nilla wafers, and top with cool whip. It ain't gourmet, but it's a great summer treat. We call it "redneck trifle"
Though I have not used this web site "recipe" I have made this version, with reservation. There is an authentic recipe, using milk, egg yolks, etc, for the pudding on the texascooking.com site. The only culinary tabu therein being the boxed vanilla wafers suggested. Homemade sugar cookies work just as well.
All you egalitarians out there, this website is called "epicurious" as in epicurean. There are many websites with instant pudding recipes out there. Can't we have a website with gourmet recipes? Shouldn't this website be safe from "recipes" like "vegetable soup - open can of soup and add one cup of water." To make matters worse, this was the worst banana pudding. Besides which, this recipe was awful.
1 fork made with instant pudding. 4 forks with "real" cooked vanilla pudding. It is worth the extra 15 minutes to make it right.
Disusting!! Foul after-taste! Never ever again! I love my family too much to serve this. Threw the whole mess away.
I was very skeptial of instant pudding. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. This recipe is very good. If you want something that remiinds you of your childhood, that is fast, simple and non-gourmet, this is the recipe for you. I would definitely make this recipe again and I would not bother making the pudding from scratch.
Since I have lived in NC since 1994, I am qualified to say that this is the real deal! My only wish is that I had a glass of sweet iced tea to wash it down! This recipe is even better than the banana pudding at the Smithfield Barbecue in Clayton. The only adjustment that I made was that I added about 1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract to the pudding to make it a little richer. We also added the whipped cream on top rather than mess with the merangue. My two teenage boys loved it as an after school snack and again for dessert the same evening.
Yuck, I let my daughter make this for a sleepover and then I made the mistake of tasting it. The whole mess was dreadful, I never had instant pudding before - too sweet with a strange aftertaste.
Boxed pudding? Instant? Nasty ol' vanilla wafers? Remind me never to eat at Mrs. Wilkes.
As a born and bred southerner, my mother and grandmothers make cooked banana pudding. I HATED it! I never knew b.p. could be tasty until I went to a church potluck and had it with boxed pudding and cool whip (instead of meringue). Who wants heavy, starchy pudding and hot bananas?
Come on. Instant pudding? You've got to be kidding me. Banana pudding should be made from a homemade, from scratch pudding, with a meringue baked on top. Not this!
Yes, adding sweetened condensed milk to the pudding mix gives this a creamy richness that always gets big raves from family and friends. I'll make this for cookouts or just family potlucks. Being from the south, this is the only way I have ever had Banana Pudding and I would definitely agree with the cook who said that the essence of southern cooking isn't that everything is made from scratch but from the ingenuity of southern cooks who have made the best out of what they had. But then I came from a poor family in the Delta so what do I know?
A custard made with eggs, milk, sugar, cornstarch and vanilla bean would be more representative of Southern cooking; however, this recipe is fast and foolproof (eg. camping).
My boyfriend loves banana pudding. This banana pudding, however, he does not. It's better if you use banana cream flavored pudding instead of vanilla.
I was very disappointed in seeing "instant" pudding in this website recipe. buy a box of pudding and this recipe is on the side. I was looking for how to "cook" the pudding my mother and grandmother did when i was a child. And you can't get more southern than LA(lower Alabama)
I love epicurious and have rarely modified a recipe but I thought someone on this sight gave this recommendation. I can't take the credit but it makes the best banana pudding I have ever had. Add one can of sweetened condensed milk mixed with 1.5 cups of water with the pudding. Fold in 1 pint of cream whipped with .5 tsp of banana extract and you have a winner of all time. Type of think you lick the spoon until 5 lbs are gained. Keep all the same. Just add the condensed milk, water and extract. Truly indulgent.
This is just how my mom used to make it, except my mom didn't use merangue on top. I would not deprive my children of a child hood memory by fancying it up.
How funny that this would be debated. Real, unromanticized Southern cooking is an art form, but it is one that was cultivated by generations of women who knew how to "make do" with what they had. Authentic southern cooking is as likely as not to include a can of condensed soup or a tub of refrigerated whipped topping. Mrs. Wilkes recipe is a classic.
From what I recall from eating as Mrs. Wilkes, she started her boarding house as a way to meet ends meet. She was a darling woman and embodied Southern charm. And her pudding was awesome!
This is a great, easy "old-fashioned" recipe (you'd be surprised by how many restaurants take "shortcuts' with prepackaged ingredients!). When I make banana pudding, I use the cook and serve style pudding mix and make a double batch. I think this gives it that extra flavor that some are complaining is missing from the instant. I also use cool whip instead of making a meringue.
Homemade custard/pudding is generally richer and more hearty, while the boxed pudding is pretty cool and light. Sometimes that is what you want in a recipe. Anyway, why heckle a cute old lady who just wanted to help people? Maybe she didn't have the energy to cook all that homemade pudding every day.
Howdy ya'll, I can tell we have some banana pudding snobs out there.I am a true blue southerner and I have made all kinds of pudding from instant to low fat homemade banana pudding.I haven't had the pleasure yet to try Mrs. Wilkes'pudding but it sounds delicious. This is a pudding I like to make and it's easy and good.Bon Appetit!!! CREAMY BANANA PUDDING: Makes 8-10 servings. 1(14-oz)can Eagle Brand Sweetened Condensed Milk(Not evaporated milk) 1 1/2 cups water 1(4-serving size)pkg.instant vanilla flavor pudding and pie filling 2 cups(1 pint) whipping cream,whipped 36 vanilla wafers 3 medium bananas, sliced and dipped in lemon juice. In a large bowl,combine Eagle Brand and water.Add pudding mix;beat well.Chill 5 minutes.Fold in whipped cream.Spoon 1 cup pudding mixture into 2 1/2-quart glass serving bowl.Top with one-third each of the wafers,bananas and pudding.Repeat layering twice,ending with pudding. Chill thoroughly before serving. Refrigerate leftovers.
This came out delicious. Next time I will use two boxes of vanilla pudding. My husband and friend loved it.
Has anyone considered the fact that this recipe comes from a 1950's boarding house, and not from the epicurious snob files? If you want to make your own pudding, more power to you, but don't knock this in the process. Would you tell your mother that you don't want to use the recipes she fed you as a kid, because she didn't make everything from scratch?
Quick, easy and delicious! I am a southerner who has never made "home made vanilla pudding". I have eaten at Mrs. Wilkes many times and this pudding one of my "favorites" at the boarding house!
I have made both types of 'Nana Puddin'(as we call it) with the boxed pudding mix and also making the custard from scratch. Using the box pudding is much easier (and people seem to like it more if you add a little banana flavoring to the pudding)...however, when I used to make it with the custard from scratch I'd get rave reviews and EVERYONE always asked for the recipe. And I always top with Cool Whip. Always a crowd pleasing inexpensive dessert that can be made quickly.
This is a good recipe for kids to make or assist. My three year old likes to help out and I had him arrange the wafers and bananas and spread the pudding. He thought it was "excellent".
I tried it and liked it but its the first time I have ever made Banana Pudding from a mix. I am a true southern cook and have always made these from scratch. A true southern banana pudding is like a plain custard pudding with a small amount of banana flavoring, cut up bananas, nilla wafers and NO top except wafers spread around. My Grandmother and Mother always made banana pudding this way. The real thing is to die for.
I've made cook-and-serve banana pudding for kids, layered with Nilla wafers and bananas, and they loved it. Really, lambasting this recipe only makes you look foolish. Why bother rating it? That is TRULY tacky!
This is not authentic Southern banana pudding (except for the meringue). The real stuff should be made with from-scratch custard sauce and not boxed pudding. Real banana pudding is to die for. Mrs. Wilkes' recipe is the equivalent of packaged macaroni and cheese.
This was good - not great but certainly not terrible. I suppose all these pudding snobs mill their own flour and make their own cheese. Get over yourselves. If you can do it all, why are reading cooking web sites?
Pretty sad when you need a recipe to make boxed pudding! What's next, "how to make campbells soup?"
I made this recipe for banana pudding and had to throw it away Boxed Pudding mix? TACKY !!!
A nice simple recipe. I wish other reviewers wouldn't rate a recipe poorly for using a boxed item without even trying the recipe first! Some boxed pudding isn't all that bad!
This was a very simple recipe. I have to agree with the other person that rated this, next time I will try homemade pudding instead of instant. Everyone in the house loved this dessert. After a few hours in the refrigerator the pudding started getting watery. I noticed this happened with a triffle I made last weekend,(also with instant pudding) Is this normal or am I doing something wrong?
My mother (a stellar cook from Silver Point, TN) made her pudding from scratch, with egg yolks, milk, butter, sugar, vanilla and cornstarch. The egg whites became the meringue which she sprinkled with a little nutmeg before baking. It was sublime. Instant vanilla pudding? No way.This recipe missed the mark. Too much banana in the recipe and too many egg yolks. It left a bad aftertaste.The concept was good, but it didn't translate into reality. The ice cream was brown and more like ice milk than ice cream despite the fatty yolks and cream. Perhaps that's why banana ice cream isn't a big seller to begin with. I'd take strawberry over this flavor anytime.
I substituted half and half for the whipping cream and increased the rum by a tablespoon. Turned out great with a good flavor and creamy texture. Will definitely make again, perhaps adding walnuts and/or bittersweet chocolate chips.This recipe is the worst! It was awful! Please dont try this! You'll puke! It really was a waste of time, Total waste! It really sucked!!
x
I don't really agree with the way these ribs are cooked but I think the barbecue sauce is nice. If the ribs are cooked differently (I boiled mine) then every thing else is great. I made it for a few guest and they genuinely enjoyed it. So I made it again and again and each time I have seemed to add or change it just a little; not much. It's not all that bad a recipe, just needs a few minor changes.
Yetch! Steamed ribs that you then only cook for a few minutes. Again I say...yetch.
Good recipe. I like to steam or boil and don't consider it a no-no. It gives the pork a great texture that you will miss. I've tried it both ways and always get rave reviews if the ribs have been boiled/steamed. You can steam them indirectly by placing a pan of water with charcoal placed around the pan-you need to steam them for at least 2 and 1/2 hours.After steaming lather them with sauce and brown them as you like them. This process gives you the best flavor and texture but is takes a lot of precious time compared to boiling them.
Never boil ribs before BBQ, this takes away all the flavor, make a rub out of the dry ingredients, then bbq very low coals and slow, then put in aluminium foil with 1/2 cup grape and 1/2 cup apple juice, for another hour, then finally baste the meat the with the prepared BBQ sauce for 1 hour! Boiling meat before BBQ takes away the flavour! and is a big No No...although it may reduce time...
xDespite the incorrect names and lack of geographical knowledge, I loved the spicy marinade. Will definitely make it again.
As an American who has experienced the bitter pain and embarrassment of fellow Americans not only butchering other countries history but exhibiting blatent ignorance of other cultures and their culinary past. Thanks to all of the previous readers comment's for setting the record straight. I wish for a world where I can boldly step into an American restaurant and peruse a menu confindently knowing the culinary correct terms are correct. (heavy sigh) Cheers!!
For a churrasco in Sao Paulo, Rio, Minas, etc. the most common sauce accompaniment to steak is "vinagrete" which is not spicy -- made from tomato, onion, bell peppers and vinegar.
This whole recipe is ludicrous to borderline offensive. While the pampas and gauchos do extend into Brazil, they are more associated with Argentina and Uruguay -- the 2 countries were chimichurri sauce is made. Chimichurri is not from Brazil. Thus I struggle to understand how steak marinated in a sauce from Argentina / Uruguay is Brazilian and why the recipe has supposedly Brazilian foods listed in Spanish (they speak Portuguese in Brazil). Brazil is a country the size of the U.S. with a population of almost 200 million people in neighboring Latin America -- it's a bit ridiculous to so blithely confuse the country with it's neighbors.
gauchos and pampa are from argentina and nor from brazil, however van akens cuisine is always ,to say the least, interesting
First, as Mr. Van Aken states, the chimichurri sauce is not Brazilian (not even sure if it is from Argentina - I've been told it is from Uruguay). Second, it is not common to marinate steaks in our country. We do it sometimes, but it is not a tradition. Third, Brasil is a continental size country, and it is often a irresponsible simplification call any dish "Brazilian Style". Would anyone say that a NY style steak is the same as a Texas or Missouri style steak? In Rio de Janeiro, traditional "churrasco" is made only with kosher salt, over high-heat charcoal fire, rare to medium-rare. Just like the primitive "gauchos".
After reading the reviews, I cut back slightly on the cayenne. Even so, this is really nasty. It's an unpleasant vinegary hot that no one liked. We threw away a lot of expensive beef.
The red sauce is good, but much too hot to marinate the steak in. It was almost inedible for my American friends. Make this sauce and serve it on the side, along with the green Chimicurri and marinate your steak in something else such as a red wine based vinaigrette with basil/garlic/onions.
Used flank steak and marinated overnight. Very easy and delicious! Will definitely make again.Wouldn't make it again - very uninteresting flavor. Used half chicken stock and half water for this recipe.
I havent tried this dish yet it kinda reminds me of my grandma's "gumbo zaire", which consists of greens (collard, mustard or chard) seasoning (onion garlic and spices) and chicken, sausage (andouie is good) and ham hock. If you add sausage and more meat the dish should come out better.
Great soup. Couldn't find swiss chard so used 1/2 head chopped cabbage. Will make this one again.
I like vegetable soup; my husband likes barley, so thought this would be a good compromise. It really pleased neither of us. I thought it bland and uninteresting; he disliked the bitterness of swiss chard.
My goodness, just absolutely DELICIOUS! Only change, used all chicken stock (low-fat)... WOW...
Delicious! This recipe has become one of our standbys for leftover ham. We use leftover hambone instead of the smoked ham hocks the recipe calls for, and add extra chopped ham. Spinach works well if you can't find swiss chard.Delish! Simplicity is terrific, and with extra fresh ingredients fresh from my CSA this was yummy!
I thought this would be much better than what it was.it was bland and slimey.
I thought this would be much better than what it was.it was bland and slimey.
_This_ is a recipe? Not that I don't love zucchini, olive oil, garilic, or basil, or that I don't often cook my zucchini this way, but seriously, if you have these ingredients on hand, and this didn't occur to you independently, it must be really boring living in your head/eating in your kitchen. Oooh - be bold! - substitute mint for basil and see what happens!
This dish is easy, healthy, and delicious! What else can one ask for in a side dish?
Although I wanted to make best use of our fresh garden zucchini & basil, I was reluctant to try this recipe due to its simplicity. Not to worry. This simplicity is a beautiful marriage of the two. It has been a crowd pleaser at summer potlucks. I mix in fresh parmesan before serving.
This was neither good nor bad. I used home grown zucchini and basil and dressed it up with grated smoked mozzarella, which helped, but the general flavor was pretty neutral. Some lemon zest would have perked up the flavor. I will say that my husband, who does not like zucchini, ate two helpings!
I added all the basil in at once, and this dish came out great. It's simple, easy, refreshing, and very healthy. What more could a girl ask for? My boyfriend liked it, too.
I added a clove of garlic to the oil before I fried the zucchini. At the end I added the extra basil, and sprinkled with parmesan as suggested. It was simple and very good with the 2 lb lamb, feta (12 oz) and tomato (4 large sliced)(cooked at 400 degrees for 60 - 90 minutes. baste to keep moist). Yes the lamb recipe is that easy. I serve with rice.
Great summer accompaniment!
I'm always looking for new ways to prepare zucchini in the summer. This is a winner.
This is a wonderful dish, especially with home grown zucchini. I like it best with a finish of fat free parmesean cheese, to taste, added just before removing from the heat. I also cook all of the basil with the zucchini rather than adding half when you serve.My husband and I made a few changes are were very happy. We used whole wheat flour, 1/8 cup brown sugar and 1/8 cup white sugar, added about a tablespoon of honey, a tablespoon of vanilla extract, a tablespoon of allspice and chocolate chips.. Great waffles!
This waffle batter makes great glue. When cooked...well, read the other reviews. This batter takes some serious tweaking to get it to the right consistency to cook.
Excellent recipe. Forgot to save the egg whites and fold them in later, but recipe still came out great.
I was a bit hesitant about trying this recipe, but it was fine. I added a bit of cinnamon and vanilla, and followed all of the other instructions (I did add the sugar, and I think that helped). The recipe produced a tasty belgian waffle, though a bit thick and heavy.
i love this recipe and have already used it many times. the only caveat is that I would change the following:it needs the recommended sugar and i used 6 eggs the same way as the 5, i also use liquid buttermilk instead of milk and beat the egg whites until stiff peaks. no need for batter to settle.. these are great!
I agree with the first review. yikes. i should have read these first before i made the batter. they tasted good, but really hard to chew through and everyone could only eat one because they were so tough and thick and filling. bleh. not making these again.
I liked these waffles - not loved. I didnt let them rest for the hour but did follow all other directions and used a belgium waffle maker -yummy
It was easy to do and good to eat! I hesitate to choose this recipe because it had bad reviews... but for me it worked very well.
This is a prime example of the problems I keep having with Susan Loomis' recipes. The proportions, even when adjusted, are out of whack somewhere. Waffle batter should be an easy, no worries affair-- you shouldn't have to mess about quite so much, and treat it so gently just to get results that aren't as good as bisquick.
My family and I enjoyed these waffles. I treated them gently. I whisked everything by hand and whisked egg whites to a soft foam, rather than peaks. I let them rest 20 minutes and cooked them in the waffle iron for only four minutes after the iron reheated. I also added vanilla.
This would not be my favorite waffle recipe to use unless one needed a combination waffle/gorilla teething bicuit or waffle/trivet.You could also keep a few around to hunt small game with though they will not return to you like there Austrailian counterparts.
I have used a lot of the recipes from Epicurious. This one was so bad that I felt compelled to enter a review just to warn others. There is something seriously wrong with this recipe, even after the ingredients quantities were adjusted.
Great recipe for my first batch of waffles. Easy to cook. I added a banana puree (1 banana, Tbs of hot water, Tbs maple syrup, dash of vanilla) to the batter to enhance. My wife was very pleased.
I've made this recipe twice already. My kids really love it.
The adjustment was super! After reading the previous reviews I was a little hesitant to try this batter, but I'm so glad I did. Just got a new Belgian waffle maker and needed a recipe. Wow! These were as good as what you would buy at a restaurant. We cut up fresh fruit and heaped it on along with berries, plain yogurt, pecans and walnuts for a wonderful taste treat!
Thank you all for the warning! I have learned to read the notes from the real experts, the users of this site!! Thanks.
A made this recipe for a large gathering and several people in my village died as a result. I think there is a problem with the ingredient amounts.
This recipe should be removed from your site. We tried it twice and ended up tossing the batter. Cook's magazine would have a field day with this recipe. It doesn't reflect well on your website to have recipes that don't work. Just look at the other comments. I suggest you pull it.
I don't know much, but I think that there is a typo in this recipe. There should only be 3/4 cup of flour, not 3 OR 4 CUPS. I tried this and the waffles turned out alright. I would also reduce the # of eggs next time. In the end, I didn't feel I had wasted my time or my ingredients. My live-in girlfriend got her waffles.
I wish that I had read the reviews before I made the waffles. The batter was incredibly thick and I had to add a lot of extra milk to it. The waffles ended up being really dense and didn't have a lot of flavor.
There is definately a conversion problem. When I made this recipe I halfed all the ingredients except the milk and when I saw the batter would be too thick I added the flour a little at a time until I got the consistancy I wanted. The waffles were actually very good. And they freeze well too.
Maybe you have a conversion problem with the ingredients but the batter is much too thick. Please review this with the chef before the recipe is printed again. I wasted all of the ingredients as well as my time. Also, my husband was very disappointed not to have his waffles.
something must be wrong with the proportions because I ended up with a stiff ball of batter before incorporating the egg whites....i had to throw everything away!!!!I would love to hear from you .I liked the idea but prepared it completely different. It turned out great and was juice and tender. I cut the meat like instructed then put it in ziplock with our homemade BBQ sauce and let it marinade for half a day. I then baked it in the a 400 degree oven, in a single layer, in a baking dish for 20 minutes. I added some extra BBQ sauce so the meat had a good coating of sauce. When done I scooped out the meat and tented it. Then transfer the liquid from the baking dish to pot and boil it down some. Even one loved it and you didn't even need a knife to break up the slices.
This recipe has huge potential,that is why I made it. First, the cooking time needs to be tripled to tenderize the meat as necessary. Secondly, the sauce is bland at best. Indulge yourself on garlic, fresh ground black pepper, shirracha sauce, more wircestershire and whatever you think will add to the flavor of this dish because the dish as is, is bland and boring. Spice it up and it's great!
It is a happy night at my my house when I make thia recipe, and I make it every couple of weeks. I have two boys, aged 11 and 9 who adore this meal. I would also suggest serving this on onion buns if they are available to you.
Made this because I had all the ingredients. Didn't like the idea of not browning, so did that, then into 450 oven, then tented in foil. Shredded beautifully. Used pan drippings to brown onions for sauce. Delicious sandwiches on hamburger buns w/vinegary slaw. Know this isn't "Real bbq", but it was so quick & EASY!
This is too much fun! Epicurious reviews entertain me, especially the reviews that make me to look up word definitions. I've lived in the bbq belt, too, where bbq is a noun as well as verb. I refuse to become a snob of bbq. Where i've lived, the best bbq was cooked by half drunk guys staying up all night with a whole pig, a bunch of hot embers, and lots of the thin vinegary sauce. Guess the Jack Daniels went into the cooks, not the sauce. So i loved this recipe; no, it is not real deal bbq, but it tasted great and brought back a few memories. Made me happy.
Did not cut the pork into smaller pieces after the 1/4" cut. This would be wonderful over a bed of rice. Thanks for the recipe, we will use this one again for sure!!!
Not nearly up to the standards of Gourmet. Don't waste your time or ingredients.
Had forgotten I used this recipe and reviewed it, ever in the quest for a quickie "bbq" pork sandwich, not slow-cooked pulled pork that I go to my favorite BBQ (no quotes) place for. Then realized I was the cook from Wichita KS that the guy was going on about! I guess I'm not really from here just happen to live here at this time, otherwise I might have taken offense.
This recipe was so simple and quick to prepare. Served three adults, everyone at the table seemed to enjoy it.
This was ok. I added some honey & jarred BBQ sauce to alleviate the strong vinegar taste. Sauce wasn't thick enough though. Not bad for a quickie.
Easy, weeknight family recipe
I think we're just going to have to agree to disagree about what constitutes "real" barbecue. There are just too many regional variations to reach a consensus. I have no barbecue credentials (note my town!), but I thought this was great for a weekday meal. My hideously picky children loved it and asked for seconds; so did the two guys who were painting my family room. My husband enjoyed it. No one would mistake it for long-cooked barbecue, but for "instant," it was great. I am adding this to my family dinner repertoire. We serve it rolled up in tortillas with a little Monterey Jack and some avocados on the side just in case we haven't consumed our full daily ration of fat...
For the reviewer interested in southern bbq pulled pork, try the Carolina Pulled Pork recipe on this site. It came highly recommended to me.
We loved this recipe. No, we don't live in the BBQ belt, but wish someone who does would recommend a recipe for an authentic version of southern barbecued pulled pork. With this much interest, there ought to be one in the next Gourmet.
People, people ....Palisades is just yanking your chain.., HELLO?
I'm sure Cook from Pacific Palisades is a blast at a Party! Of course, I truly doubt if he/she has ever left the house - unless maybe to attend Everquest conventions and the ocassional Renaissance Festival.
This sauce in this recipe is tasty. I used somewhat dry leftover pork tenderloin that I chopped up and simmered in the sauce and it turned out great.
a waste of a tenderloin. go with shoulder for much more flavor and a much lower cost. vinegary sauce is good.
A Cook from Austin, Texas on 04/14/05 Nah, not even close to bbq. Save your tenderloin and don't bother... Yeah! What he or she said...
I frequent this site, and have collected many fantastic recipes. This isn't amazing, but it is very good and makes a great weeknight dinner. It is easy to throw together with ingredients in your cupboard!
The combination of ingredients made a zesty sauce. I really hate to stoop to Kook from Pacific Palisades' level, however, there was not one iota of a mention of food in his (her) 'review'. This leads me to believe that more time is spent perusing the dictionary and thesaurus than cookbooks. I also observed that A Cook from Kansas and most other reviewers were AWARE ENOUGH of the world around them to ONLY submit their messages ONCE, as they made a sensible point the first time.
Nah, not even close to bbq. Save your tenderloin and don't bother...
To the erudite cook from Pacific Palisades, CA You write very well but perhaps you could freshen up on your reading. They want critiques on the recipies, not on the people that give their opinions.
This was fast, yummy, pretty healthy and disappeared into three little tummies with no coaxing or complaints. I do can my own chili sauce in the summer and used that. Let's keep it real folks. When you have kids, you can't make involved food every night.
This recipe originally came out in Gourmet in 2002 as "SHREDDED PORK WRAPS WITH LEMON COLESLAW" I remember at that time the recipe also provided "entertaining" reviews which I've noticed have been removed (it got a little nasty) I've made it and thought it works fine for a fast weeknight dinner. Yes, even using ketchup!
I want to share with you a few of the tentative conclusions I've reached regarding A Cook from Wichita KS's off-the-cuff comments. And I stress the word "tentative," because the subject of what motivates A Cook from Wichita KS is tricky and complex. Here's my side of the story: It is pointless to fret about the damage already caused by A Cook from Wichita KS's addlepated put-downs. The past cannot be changed. We must cope with the present if we hope to affect our future and make plans and carry them out. Inarticulate, disorderly moral weaklings can go right ahead and convict me for saying that dim-witted nebbishes tend to dismiss reason, science, and objective reality, but History, acting as the goddess of a higher truth and a higher justice, will one day smilingly tear up this verdict, acquitting me of all guilt and blame. The facts are in: Our pain is A Cook from Wichita KS's ecstasy.
I want to share with you a few of the tentative conclusions I've reached regarding A Cook from Wichita KS's off-the-cuff comments. And I stress the word "tentative," because the subject of what motivates A Cook from Wichita KS is tricky and complex. Here's my side of the story: It is pointless to fret about the damage already caused by A Cook from Wichita KS's addlepated put-downs. The past cannot be changed. We must cope with the present if we hope to affect our future and make plans and carry them out. Inarticulate, disorderly moral weaklings can go right ahead and convict me for saying that dim-witted nebbishes tend to dismiss reason, science, and objective reality, but History, acting as the goddess of a higher truth and a higher justice, will one day smilingly tear up this verdict, acquitting me of all guilt and blame. The facts are in: Our pain is A Cook from Wichita KS's ecstasy.
I made this on a beautiful spring afternoon. We left the pork in for a longer time and served it over rice. It was a shredded pork chili! Even my kids loved it!
I have southern roots,I know what bbq is about. However I was hoping this would taste like my mom's quick "bbq" sandwiches I used to love. Not even close. Too much work for results, grab the bbq sauce bottle and make it easy on yourself. However my teenage son, mr. picky, loved it,go figure.
Mr. Analytic is absolutely correct. You DO get the same result by dumping purchased BBQ sauce onto a pork tenderloin in a crock pot. I know because my friend Miss (so smart)invented that recipe and I've tried it. "BBQ Pork Tenderloin" is NOT a recipe worthy of Gourmet or Bon Appetit. If you do get a hankerin' for a BBQ pork tenderloin, stuff one in the crock pot, dump half a bottle of purchased sauce on it and cook it for 8-10 hours on low. After it's cooked you can shred it, put it on hamburger buns, whatever. Better result than this Epicurious recipe, that's for sure!
The BBQ sauce was fine....although I gussied it up more to my liking (spicier, more vinegar, a dash of mustard). And since it was a rainy weekend here, I used a pork butt that I slow-roasted in the oven for about eight hours, then shredded. Not real BBQ, but a halfway decent substitute.
OK, but definitely not BBQ.
Have to agree with the naysayers - this may be a bbq "sauce" recipe but the name is misleading and the recipe not worthy of an Epicurious entry.
I liked this recipe, easy to make and tasty. The sauce was a little thin. Next time I will reduced the amount of water. With the thinner sauce, pouring the pork mixture over rice works, I did this with the leftovers the day after I made the dish for the first time.
To call this BBQ is an insult to the term. To ruin a pork tenderloin in this way is unspeakable.
Sorry, I can't help myself. I have to say more. Mr. Anayltic, you are assuming that we are all using store bought chili & Ketchup. Some of us may actually make our own. Also, your statement "you will get the exact same results by throwing a cheap piece of pork in a crock pot and dumping out a $2 bottle of supermarket BBQ sauce" is a "crock". I seriously doubt the results would be even close to this recipe, never mind the same.
I don't usually post when I havn't made the particular dish. However, the postings on this one are hilarious, (not to mention the recipe itself)! Everyone who has commented does not live in the "barbecue belt" and might not know that this dish seems like a "gussied up" version of the various pulled pork bbqs found throughout the Carolina's and Georgia, Kentucky, etc. (The mustard based vinegar sauce is common in my region.) I would also like to point out that the sauce is traditionally thin and predominately vinegar. It isn't like the thickened, uniform stuff you get out of a bottle. Anyway, people obviously have preferences, just pointing out a little history. See Chuck Kovacik's barbecue map.....
I have made a similar version of this recipe (that came from this web site several years ago) many times and it is wonderful. There are a few differences in the recipe that I use that I think might improve this recipe: the original recipe calls for cooking the onion 8-10 minutes; when adding the other ingredients (I substitute Thai style chili sauce and also add a tablespoon of brown sugar)simmer them for 10 minutes; add the tenderloin (quartered) and cook, covered for a minimum of 45 minutes. Then use 2 forks to shred the meat; I return the meat to the sauce and simmer for another 10 minutes or so. I also double the sauce as the longer cooking time thickens it significantly. A great sandwich or wrap.
to mranalytic... One would assume that by giving this recipe one fork, you've actually made the recipe. I suspect you haven't. A useful review might have stated that you thought the ketchup and chili sauce made the overall sauce taste too much like store-bought sauce. You're review was useless to all of us. Next time, save the diatribe.
I fail to see the purpose of making your own BBQ sauce if you are using store-bought ketchup and chili sauce as your base. You will get the exact same results by throwing a cheap piece of pork in a crock pot and dumping out a $2 bottle of supermarket BBQ sauce. Meanwhile, you could be cooking something else.
To the cook from Ladera: It says BBQ Pork as in the sauce NOT BBQ'D Pork as in cooked on the Q.
To the cook from Ladera: It's BBQ Pork as in BBQ sauce NOT BBQ'd Pork as in on the Q.
A good, simple dish. Our kids loved it as well. I did not have cider vinegar so I used balsamic vinegar instead.
Read the recipe twice, but still can't find the part where the pork is BBQd.
Loved flavors in this recipe, but sauce was definitely too thin, would reduce water to 1/2 cup instead of 1 cup to coat pork.
Loved the flavors in this recipe, but sauce was too thin, would definitely reduce water to 1/2 cup instead the recommended 1 cup.Yuk. I had the misfortune of making this twice (I'd forgotten how bad it was the first time--it looks good on paper!). So, I can say from experience that this is not worth the effort. For all the work involved, there is very little flavor. And, the recipe makes so much, you need many bowls to hold the ever-increasing ingredients.
A nice looking but completely lackluster tasting recipe. Followed it exactly - should have taken some detours it appears. Has potential if you feel like coming up with your own sauce/dressing.
First, this recipe serves 12, not 4, but that's a good thing since it got rave reviews and everyone wanted seconds. It's truly a tasty dish, but it is labor intensive _lots of chopping. I would use low-sodium soy sauce and maybe throw in some Thai hot peppers. Also, don't feel limited by the vegetables suggested. Any veggies would work just as well _ broccoli comes to mind.
We weren't wild about the salad. but the dressing - that was really good and would make a good marinade for chicken. It had a nice flavor.
Yes, it make a ton, which is just what I needed for a pot-luck dinner party! It was a big hit and nicely unusual. I did add chopped coriander, a big dose of red pepper flakes, and an extra dollup of dark sesame oil at the end. I'll certainly make it again for "schlep-a-pot" parties, though I'll have my husband help with the chopping!
Serves 4? More like 40! This is a huge salad and also a lot of work. But it's worth it. Add a few drops of hot chili oil (or pepper flakes) for extra kick. Next time, I'll try it with shrimp or shredded chicken.Very easy. I added one capful of vinegar to mix. Made a difference. Eggs were a hit at a fish fry..... Will make again..
Can't believe that tartar sauce is even mentioned in this recipe. Try it without, and add other goodies, finely chopped onions,or olives.
Nice extra zip on an old standard.made this with sirloin and portabellas. as per other reviewers, i added some garlic. however, this was bland bland bland. though it's pretty easy, skip this one for a better beef stew.
Key here is you have to use Sirloin. I used regular "Stew beef," and it took 2.5 hors to soften it up. As an ex-vegetarian I don't know from cuts of beef.
Seriously. If you don't like the ingrediants, chances are you won't like the result.
I also added a tablespoon of tomato paste, a ton of garlic and carrots and a couple of potatoes. Really delicious over whole wheat pasta.
all you need to add is garlic, fresh thyme and let it simmer for a bit longer and this is simple and delicious.
I'm from Brooklyn Heights, NY, also and I liked this recipe very much. For those who dislike beef: rather than be so negative about other people's palates, try a recipe with ingredients you do enjoy. Signed, Francesca
I liked this recipe, the person I made it for loved it. I wished I had done a little more to the egg noodles. they were the only bland thing in the whole recipe, but that was my fault. I will definitely fix this again!
This stew was a disappointment. To me a stew should have a thick & hearty gravy-this was watery until I added a flour/water mixture to it. Also, it lacked in flavor. I probably would not make it again.
This stew recipe was great because it could be made quickly. I doubled it and added additional red wine. Also I used orzo instead of egg noodles.
I made this stew and it was great. I added some potatos, baby carrots and celery though, but it turned out really good. It was easy and fast too. I will definitely make this again.
not rating- Do yourselves a favor, buy the BEEF STEW IN A BAG!! Spice up the sauce that you add- as needed (to taste), add button mushrooms (halved),baby carrots, a few sliced onions, some thick chopped celery and some diced potatoes! Salt ,pepper etc.. . GARLIC (fresh chopped, or powder). Yum & easy!
This is a great weeknight recipe, it's quick and doesn't take a lot of clean-up. I followed some of the previous suggestions and added garlic and seasonings, as well as thickened the sauce at the end, but overall a great dish.
I thought that this was a very good stew, although a clove of garlic would add some flavor. I found it to be easy and fast.
OK, sounded interesting - but too bland - added some minced garlic to give it more flavor - but, really, not a noteworthy recipe.
Two recommendations: 1)use a better cut of meat, 2) season the beef after adding the lemon juice, but before adding flour. You may also need to thicken at the end using a corn starch slurry.
This is delish! The lemon marinade in the beef adds a real zest to this dish... Dont try to substitute beef broth for the consomme' ! Stick to the recipe and you will not be disappointed! This is one of my wife's favorites that I have brought home from this site..Excellent flavor - tough meat. That being said, the way to go is definitely to braise the rolls,covered, in the tomato sauce, as has been mentioned, for 1-1 1/2 hours at 325. This is what I will do next time with this cut of meat.
I make the Italian version of this dish (Bracciole-"Bra-jole") which doesn't have the olives and capers, just bread crumbs, parmesan, garlic, s&p, parsley, basil, eggs, raisins or currants and olive oil. The key is that after browning the meat rolls, remove from pan, deglaze pan with white wine, reduce, add marinara sauce of choice, put meat rolls back in sauce, cover and cook in oven on low heat for at least an hour to hour and half. allow to cool slightly, slice into spirals (about 1 inch thick) for plating drizzle with sauce. (you can get creative with the filling for this. sometimes i'll add pesto or spinach leaves or roasted red peppers, etc. Also, a stronger cheese like percorino is better than parmesan)
I really can't say anything good about this recipe. The meat was tough, as others have said. The filling was salty and acidic with the capers and green olives. And the sauce was OK. I won't make again. And, really, I look to this site and these recipes to be right as written. If the meat requires braising, then the recipe should say so. To have to "fix" a recipe on this site is a waste of time.
I'm not sure if it was my technique or the beef, but this came out really tough. The sauce was terrific, though. I might try this again, but use pork or chicken. I'd also drop the olive and caper proportions.
Following the advice of other reviewers, I braised the rolls. Also, I added to the sauce: a little red wine, some shallots, etc. Really really tasty. Everyone was really quite impressed. I would recommend this recipe, but only if you read (and heed) the advice of all the other cooks!
I braised them in the sauce for about a half hour, and served the sauce and beef over pasta. I gave it three forks only because it was such a big hit with the rest of the family; I could take or leave it, though. On my own, would give it 2.
This was a great way of using the very thinly sliced steak that is sold here as minute steaks. 1/4" would be too thick, you need something more like a well-beaten veal escalope. I took 2 minute steaks per person and sandwiched the filling between them then tied up with string and cooked for just 1 min each side. My husband doesn't care for slow cooked beef olives(stewed as he calls them)but he would happily eat this again.
Fabulous combination of flavors - how can you go wrong with olives & capers! After reading about some tough beef though, I used pounded VEAL. This was terrific!
I took the advice of other cooks and braised the rolls in (GASP!) bottled spaghetti sauce. I browned the rolls on the stove top, then added the sauce and baked in the oven for 45 min at 350. I served the rolls alongside manicotti dressed with the sauce/meat juice. My butcher sliced a round steak lengthwise so the slices were about 1/4" thick, and it was easy to assemble.
Ditto, Chicago!!
This worked nicely with sirloin, but I agree that top round would have to be braised to make it tender enough to enjoy. The sirloin allowed me to cook it the way the recipe was written and intended to be - medium rare - which made for a nice presentation. Braised beef, while tasty, is nothing to look at!
x
I agree with the people who say this cut of meat should be a braise or a daube. The meat was a little tough; it was difficult to cook it evenly. As a matter of fact, my cuts started quite thick, but quite thin in width, so getting them into the right size and shape for rolling was no small trick. The filling tasted nice, but it wasn't something I'd make again. dbk
I would never make this recipe as written. It uses a tough cut of meat, and doesn't braise it. That, for at least two hours, should be a mandatory step. If the option were offered, this would rate a zero fork. And I don't have to make it to see the problem. Those who enjoyed it don't know what a true braciole should taste like.
The real name of this recipe is Braciole and has been an Italian staple for centuries. Some recipes called for boiled eggs, either chopped into the stuffing or a full boiled egg in the center of the "roll" (!!!). Not for me, I like the non-egg recipe better.
Most Italian Italians have been making this recipe for eons....and it MUST be cooked (simmered) in the sauce for about 2 hours or till tender unless you use beef tenderloin. It's delicious as an accompaniment to any pasta dish.
This has to cook longer... and I've made it with sirloin. Bracioli get their flavor not only from the stuffing, but from long slow cooking....I make these when I make my sauce....I'm more of a purist.. I like pieces of Romano cheese, parsley and fresh bread crumbs flavored with garlic salt and pepper, brown and then add to sauce. That's it.
Seattle has fresh tomatoes 12 months a year, and everything else you can think of in the food world.
the receipe gave all the ingredients needed but neglected to state what type meat. I've been making this for years and use very thinly sliced top round steak.
I am with Weight Watchers so I made this with chicken and reduced the olive oil in the sauce to 1 TBS Rather than cook in oil, I skewered the chicken together and grilled it instead. Worked out very well. Was very tasty and for those who are interested, calculated 7 points per serving.
I agree with most. The cut of meat was definitely too tough. Filling and sauce were nice. I think I'll make it again, as the others with chicken, or maybe a piece of mild fish or jumbo prawns.
This recipe is flawed. All other beef braciole recipes I've seen calls for simmering the beef in tomato sauce for at least an hour (I've seen up to 3 hours). This quick-cook recipe would work with sirloin, but definitely not with a top round cut.
I loved this recipe!!! The flavors were wonderful and the filling was good enough to eat by itself. February isn't exactly fresh tomato month around here so I used canned chopped tomatoes, 2 14oz cans in place of the fresh. Simple yet wonderful sauce. I also just chopped the ingredients on a cutting board instead of breaking out the food processor, it left it with more texture. I like the idea of using chicken instead of beef, will have to try that out.
Very dissapointing for the amount of work involved. My family was not impressed.
The filling and tomato sauce were wonderful! I will use these again but use chicken instead of beef. I found the cut of beef used to be tough chewy, and tasteless even after lots of pounding.
We thought this recipe was mediocre and not worth the effort involved. The meat was tougher than we care for - but we aren't very big meat eaters, so take that for what it is worth. The flavors were nice together, I think I would use the filling in the future to stuff filets or as a cracker dip.
This was really good, and I'm not even a fan of Italian food. The sauce is fresh-tasting and delicious, and the olives and capers give the beef great flavor. I cooked mine 4 minutes, and they weren't rare enough. So cook them less if you like them pink. I served the beef with semolina gnocchi, which was a great match.I have been lucky to find some excellent recipes on Epicurious for Thai food, but this is defenitly not, one of them. I was very excited to try this recipe,and the extensive list of required ingredients,was not a hinderance. I followed the recipe to the "T", since I obviously had never made it before. Even though I marinated the sliced strips of rump roast for two and half days, the only flavor i could pick up on was that of the shallots, once i grilled the strips. I thought flavor of the marinated meat, was devoid of flavor. As for the peanut sauce, I would agree 100% with the other reviews. I have made peanut sauce before using another recipe, and have had great results, with half of the work, but since i am always looking for something better, decided to try this recipe for peanut sauce. I like a peanut sauce that is dark, like peanut butter. I dont understand the reasoning behind grinding your own peanuts, rather than just using natural peanut butter, but, after i ground the peanuts, added them to the coconut milk, simmered, and then pureed it in my food processor, the color was that of hummus, and the taste was very bland, just tasted peanuts and coconut milk..no complexity. The color was what was most off putting. I will never make this recipe again, way, way too much work, for mediocre results.
The marinade was fabulous. The peanut sauce was not worth the effort. There are many other peanut sauce recipes that are easier and tastier.
Don;t let the kitchen wusses scare you away from this recipe. The PA cook is absolutely right -- you can take a lot of shortcuts on technique and still enjoy the ethnic ingredients. Microwave the water and throw in some natural peanut butter -- you'll come back some day when you have the time and do it right, right?
Absolutely incredible, I used a mixture of beef and chicken and cooked the satays under the broiler. They were absolutely amazing and so was the sauce, went over very well at a party!
I would like to point out that this dish will not appeal to people with no taste for ethnic cuisine. This is a fabulous Malay dish, the preparation of which can be easily simplified without making much of a flavor sacrifice.
Not good at all.
Not worth the considerable effortIn fairness, I used a leaner cut of meat, because that's what was in the freezer. However, the flavor did not thrill me, and I ended up doctoring up the finished dish with sraracha and sesame oil to give it some flavor. I think this is the first time I've given a negative on an "epi" recipe, but I won't be making this again.
I actually made this recipe as written - a bit of an anomaly here - but I digress ... I wanted to love this dish & I happened to have all the delicious ingredients on hand but alas, the flavor of the finished dish fell flat. Also not loving the turnips, but at least I used them & tried to like them. Had the sauce been thicker & more intense, I probably would have liked the flavors more. Perhaps reducing the liquid a bit more would improve the dish? Just a suggestion for others, since I won't be making it again.
Hey 'Ping', who the h**l said that this recipe WAS Chinese???
This was so very tasty. Although not all aspects are Chinese, it was a delightful alternative to how I normally cook something like this. I will serve this for company!
On the rating scale, I liked this dish, but I didn't love it. Maybe I would make it again, but most likely try to find another recipe. I used beef short ribs instead of shanks, and I used sherry instead of scotch. The flavor was intense and my guests enjoyed the meal...even taking leftovers home...I personally thought that it lacked luster.
An authentic oriental beef noodle taste but I would prefer to use Japenese Soba or Ramen noodles. I also adapted the recipe to a rather exotic casserole.This is a great simple recipe I've made many times. I've used soy sauce instead of salt when I don't use filet with great success with the sesame seeds. I wanted to review because if anyone is concerned about how strong the green onions are for the bite/breath factor, this also works very well with asparagus tips and/or slivers of red/yellow bell peppers for color.
I used top sirloin instead of filet mignon with EXCELLENT results. We just threw it on the grill for a few minutes. I had to resist the urge to marinate or add olive oil but, am so glad I kept it simple. It turned out really well and got rave reviews.Based on the other review, I switched to basic caramelized pearl onions instead of following the recipe and it was delicious and easy! I would definitely make it again.
The cocktail onions never lost their pungent acidity even after two long soakings in water. Tossed them and substituted a last-minute horseradish dip.When just made has a very malty taste but then it mellows and is delicious
We found the mustard bitter and not at all to our liking.
I made the sauce for family and guests and all raved about it. It compliments the bratwurst bites perfectly.
I just finished the sauce. I was amazed that it wasn't simpler. What's worse, it's terrible. Very little flavor, except for an overwhelming bitterness. I will taste again after it cools, then see what I can add to salvage and hopefully avoid having to start over with a different recipe. I posted this in the appetizer reviews, when really it should have been here. I will be making the bratwurst bites soon.I'm not the most experienced cook out there by any means, and I did not find these difficult to make at all. Just keep your eyes on them like you should with anything that you're frying in this manner. They're going to cook fairly quickly, but at the same time, I had them frying for more than thirty seconds on each side like the recipe suggests. Also, they're fried. Obviously they'll make you sick if you eat too much! Just because they have kale inside doesn't make them good for you.
I didn't try this recipe but just reading it kind of made me laugh. It's combine the two extemes of the health spectrum. It's like a really desperate attempt to get people to eat a vegetable.
No need to let the batter sit for an hour if you don't use a cold beer. It turned out pretty well, and was tasty but as my husband put it, it's "just an excuse to eat fried batter." Makes a lot of batter, BTW, I used the rest to fry up some shrimp. If you don't have a suitable thermometer, dip the corner of a piece of stale bread in the oil; if it "fizzes" the oil is hot enough.
I had to add another review since if you buy a very cheap thermometer to fry at the correct temperature, which you should own in order to fry things well anyway, this recipe was quite tasty and definitely deserves a try. Squeeze some lemon over the leaves before serving.
Kids! Please don't try this at home! Do it professionally! It's soooo greasy and hard to control the temperature of the oil, the kale leaf gets burned so easily! the batter is very tasty and compliments the kale lovely, but it's really just too too greasy. i had about 5, and i feel sick!Nice. Pretty. But nothing special.
Quite tasty.I roasted the beets instead of boiling them. I also didn't use the apple juice. Recipe turned out fine. Good beet and apple flavor. Very healthy and tasted good. Would prefer to have my beets in a different form most of the time though.
The recipe sounded great and easy, but it really wasn't worth the trouble. The soup was very sweet and didn't have the subtle layers of flavor you would expect from the ingredients. Try it, but don't expect too much...
The recipe seems to have been corrected. I made this last night and it was excellent.
to find the directions, go to Parade magazine's website at http://www.parade.com/food/2008/10/simply-delicious-soups-tips
Different ingredients from the prep instructions!!! How much? Please update!
Very confusing! Disconnect between ingredients and preparation. No leeks or celery were mentioned in the ingredients?? How much??Tasty, lets the beets shine. I added lemon zest, which was great.
It's OK. Nothing special.
We frequent Meskerem and they now make this sans the beets. Double the potatoes, add ground white pepper, and you have a delicious potato salad that needs to refrigeration at a picnic!
Such an excellant recipe. I had friends and family over for dinner. I made this beet salad to go with grilled pork and beef; it was so very tasty. Everyone wanted this simple recipe. It's terrific with lemon juice. In addition, I love it with rice vinegar. muah!
I made this refreshing salad for an international dinner recently. The salad was a big hit and was very fresh tasting! I used red onion and 1/2 a pablano. Be sure to rinse your cooked beets after cubing to avoid turning your salad fushia!
Wow! I have been looking for this recipie for a long while now. I had it when it was initially published in BA many years ago. It is very tasty! The lemon is a wonderful surprise! The flavours in this dish complement each other nicely. I am glad to have found it once again! I will be making it soon!
Wow! I have been looking for this recipie for a long while now. I had it when it was initially published in BA many years ago. It is very tasty! The lemon is a wonderful surprise! The flavours in this dish complement each other nicely. I am glad to have found it once again! I will be making it soon!
I make this salad very often. It is very good. My husband and other guests who are not particularly fond of beets love it too! Very easy and perfect with grilled foods.OK I forgot to add the lemon but even for a beet & lemon lover, this soup was mildly disgusting. Obviously, my personal taste but I think my favourite way of having beets are raw and grated with grated raw carrot and a lemon vinegrette. Lots of lemon. Anyway, maybe this soup is for some. Not me. Yack.
I was looking for a recipe to use 2 boiled beets. I added a can of Chicken w/ rice soup to the "beet water." Then I blended the beets with a little water. I sauteed 1/2 onion with a clove of garlic and doubled the lemon. Simple, healthy and tasty. And very easy!
For a beet-lover, this was very tasty, light and easy, and a great use for leftover roasted beets! I used vegetable broth, seasoned with dill, and added a dash of red wine vinegar.This recipe did not work at all on a variety of levels. First, the microwaving of the beets took at least 3 times as long as stated, so it would have been about the same as on top of the stove, which would have made for easier peeling. I've never microwaved beets before, but they were very difficult to peel after this method. Additionally, I made it very close to the recipe (subbed pecans for walnuts and shallots for green onions) but we both found it very bland. It needs at least twice as much dressing. As recommended by another, we added goat cheese, whihc was a good idea.
This was very good--better if left to sit for a while so the flavors meld. It really should be called coriander beet salad, though!
I love this recipe. I've made it 4-5 times already. It's great served on top of bibb lettuce, topped with extra walnuts and pieces of goat cheese. I do leave out the coriander and have never tried the recipe with it.This chutney seemed a good base, but I felt it needed the addition of chili, ginger, sundried tomatoes,and a little mustard seed. Nice to try something different, especially where there is a glut of bell peppers around in the summer months.
I make this chutney every Thankgiving and it always receives rave reviews. Someone always asks me for the recipe. It's great with turkey and chicken, but would also be delicious with pork. Yum!
I love chutneys, but this one doesn't really work. The apricots are the predominant ingredient, and the chutney simply tastes like dried fruit saturated in vinegar. There are better chutneys out there.This dish needs more of a kick for me to rate it higher. Consider adding 1/3 more spices than called for. I will make it again.
Just to clarify - a Yam is not a Sweet Potato.
I'm getting ready to make this recipe and appreciate the CONSTRUCTIVE comments. Seems to me if you just want to criticize and not contribute..save it for another forum!
What in the name of God makes this "Moroccan", the maple syrup???? Please, let's be more judicious when it comes to "christening" our food with vapid adjectives to make it sound delicious.
It was OK. Cooking time is way off, it took at least 30 min (not 15) and about 10 more uncovered and I added about 2tbsp water. Kinda bland, the highlight was when you connected with an olive. I used toasted almonds, gave it a good crunch but it needed more salt in the end. It is a different way to use sweet potatoes though and I might try again but increase the spices.
Was a very tasty dish after I made the following alterations: doubled all of the herbs and pistachios and used 1 Tbl of maple syrup. The cooking time is WAY OFF. It took me close to an hour to cook to doneness, however the finished product was quite scrumptious. The briny olives with the sweet potatoes and bright citrus flavors plus the smoky cumin and paprika really make this dish come alive on your palate and offers a unique way to prepare sweet potatoes and add interest to a vegetarian dish. Delicious.So, I decided to make this recipe because I'm moving in five days, I'm on a budget, and I have a ton of flour left but not much else. It was good! I know some people said they didn't like it, but what did they expect? It's basically unleavened bread, and is cheap and easy. It felt really traditional and simple, which I really enjoyed. I made mine a little smaller, kind of like pancakes. I think you can eat them however you want... it might not be the right way, but I would even try this as pita-like sandwich bread. It was great with honey, though - just not too much!
I grew up in the South, so maybe I have a weakness for fried breakfasts, but I thought this was lovely. It's very simple, but it's so easy to make while completing other morning tasks. Taken with honey, it's delicious. Next time I'll try cooking it in less oil than recommended, and I would like to incorporate cinnamon, probably in the honey.
Although the recipe is very easy with very minimal preparation and ingredients, I still found it too much work for an end result being so bland.
This recipe was very disappointing. I made it for breakfast for my husband and I and felt that it wasn't worth the calories. I make homemade tortillas and thought the taste would be similar. We took one bite and threw the rest of the bread away.
I have been hunting for this recipe for 45 years !A dear lady made this for us kids after school and it really was a nice treat. I now make it for my grand children and they love it too----such an easy recipe Thank youI used this for making Shawarma rolls. It was just like the shawarma I would eat at the local lebanese store.
I tried this recipe exactly as it is.. and it came out absolutely beautiful. It reminded me of the Khubz we would eat for dinner while in Saudi Arabia. I've blogged it here: http://latenightcook.blogspot.com/2012/01/better-than-pita-grill-bread.html
I should have read the reviews.....though I may work this recipe again with some modifications. There is definitely too little water.....I would rather have to add flour than try to add water. The yeast water and sugar should be proofed a little at least - and I'm not so sure there shouldn't be more yeast. Ok.....so maybe I won't try it again! If I want tortillas, I'll use my recipe. If I want pita....I'll use a true pita recipe!
I knew something was amiss when I had to put all my might into rolling out the rounds. The result was hard, not flavorful, and a disappointment.
I followed the recipe as it was written before reading these reviews and found that the bread was extremely dry and did not hold together except for small patches(did not add any more flour like they suggested). Was able to make 3 weirdly shaped pieces and those were nothing to write home about.
After heeding the warning of the two previous people, I substituted the oil for melted butter, upped the salt and sugar, and added a whole egg. I grilled it on a regular pan. It turned out pretty good. It was still good the next day too. Make sure when cooking it on any pan, that you get some well-darkened spots. They add a great pita flavor!
I too followed the recipe (& reread it to see if I had made a mistake). I found the dough very dry (I did not add more flour than the 2 cups). They puffed as I cooked them but something was missing, texture I believe.
Something must be amiss with this recipe as the breads lacked flavor and were very doughy tasting. I did follow the recipe very carefully.This is a ratings update... Guess my tastebuds weren't working before. I made this sauce again and used it on the same cake recipe. It was wonderful! Please forgive and ignore my previous post.
This is a simple recipe, and based on the earlier reviews I didn't have high expectations for it. I used semi-sweet Ghirardelli chocolate and Jonesy old tawny port. I'm happy with the results -- not spectacular but the port lends a nice, slight complexity. I plan to serve it at a dinner party tomorrow night over vanilla ice cream with strawberries and blueberries. Next time I may try adding a tiny amount of chili pepper for a Mexican twist. Simple and pretty good.
This was easy to prepare but the flavor was a bit off. I love bittersweet chocolate but it seemed a bit too bitter for this warm sauce. Maybe a slightly sweeter chocolate? I served it with the Bittersweet Chocolate and Almond Cake (Tart) from this site, just drizzling a bit of sauce over the whipped cream & then sprinkling the sliced almonds atop the cake slices. I used the same bittersweet chocolate in the cake and sauce but they just didn't seem to match very well. Maybe just my taste buds...there weren't any leftovers!
It was like eating chocolate sludge. What a waste of time and elements.
This was a very simple chocolate sauce, and easy to make but I was expecting more port flavor. The bittersweet chocolate really overwhems it and I added a half-cup rather than the 1/4 cup the recipe calls for.I had this at a friend's and we both agreed it needed something. I improvised on the recipe and made a slightly more aggressive dressing. I was also missing a few ingredients. The radishes would be nice to keep, was just out of them. RECIPE: 1.5 CUPS REG BARLEY (COOKED AND COOLED). 1 HALF LRG RED ONION COARSE CHOPPED. 1 FENNEL BULB COARSE CHOPPED. SAVE ALL FENNEL FRONDS AND CHOP AND LEAVE ASIDE. ROAST FENNEL AND ONION WITH OLIVE OIL AND SALT UNDER BROILER 10-12MIN. ASSEMBLY: SQUEEZE JUICE OF ONE LEMON OVER BARLEY. ADD ROASTED VEGETABLES. MINCE 1 SHALLOT -ADD TO BARLEY. CHOPPED 1/4 CUP OF KALAMATA PITTED OLIVES, ADD TO BARLEY. ADD CHOPPED FENNEL FRONDS. DRESSING IN MINI PREP: 2 CLOVES GARLIC. OLIVE OIL. JUICE AND ZEST OF ONE LEMON. COARSE SALT. GREEN TABASCO. TONS OF FRESH BLACK PEPPER. 1/2 CUP POMEGRANATE JUICE. PULSE. POUR OVER SALAD. TOSS AND SERVE.
I felt the same as the reviewer above, although we served it at a cookout, and a few of our guests went nuts for it. I said "I think it needs something" and my friend said, "yes, it needs to be eaten because it's delicious!" I still feel like it needs some kind of kick, and if anyone has suggestions, I'd be interested to know.
Hmmm... I like radishes, fennel, the citrus vinaigrette.. thought this would be a winner. Just okay. Used pearl barley and followed the recipe exactly. I did enjoy the citrus vinaigrette!This is easy to fix; soak the beans. I did a quick soak (boil for 2 minutes, let rest for 2 hours) then extended cook time to 2 hours. I did not need to add any extra liquid.
I also noticed that I needed to cook the beans for at least a total of three hours. I liked the flavor, but thought it needed to be abit spicier. A dollop of sour cream on top is nice.
The lowest rating for inaccurate instructions. This is the first recipe I've seen that calls for dry beans - AND THE COOK TIME IS A MISTAKE. I cooked this recipe precisely as directed and had to add another four cups of liquid, cover the pot completely, and cook for another three and a half hours for a decent bean texture. The flavor is good but this is a highly flawed recipe for Gourmet standards.
We really enjoy this soup in the winter. Smoked ham hocks are more readily available also in the fall and winter. the soup is delicious and makes great leftovers!
I suggest substituting sherry for the vinegar... And if your palate can handle it, it's so much better made with hot peppers as well! A few crumbled dried peppers, or chopped fresh ones make a world of difference..
delicious, light, tasty and certainly easy to make .
Iam Cuban. I have my grandmother receipt, does not call for vinegar or red onions. I love my gradmother receipt.Being Cuban I can guarantee some fixes to the recipe, tips to consider: 'It's better to cook the beans in a pressure cooker, adding to the beginning 1 or 2 bay leaves for flavor, this reduces the cooking time of beans just a half hour or 45 minutes depending on the beans. -Salt and pepper should be added along with the other spices in the pan -Near the end, before turning it off, add a teaspoon of sugar and two ounces of dry wine (try first with one ounce, just in case) Sour cream, cilantro and jalapenos are Mexican additions, not Cuban.
I followed this recipe exactly and it was horrible. They must have left out a step.
After reading reviews went with this recipe and it was so bland. Will need to add something to make it edible.
I thought this recipe was so so, but was shocked at how much my family enjoyed it, much more so than other black bean soups i've made that took me hours... I would use chipotle puree (puree canned chipotles in adobo sauce) next time instead of the canned chilis for a little more punch and interest.
I sauted the onions, peppers, garlic and some carrots in the oil and added bacon, added the beans I soaked overnight, some homemade hot sauce (very hot) and cilantro. It was very very tasty and a good consistancy after I blended with a hand blender in the pot.
This is a quick and easy meatless soup with a lot of flavor! I cheated and used canned beans to save a step and also added a few red pepper flakes for a spicier taste. I will definitely make this again!
This soup was easy and very good. I soaked the beans overnight and I also cooked them with 2 dried hot peppers. (Beano would be a good additive)Not a difficult recipe, but very bland. I ended up adding a lot of extra garlic and some cayenne. I think there are many better black bean soup recipes available.
it was a great recipe .I had some friend coming over a few days ago and i just happened to in the mood to make something the day before. they loved it thanks for the recipe.I made this recipe but for some reason when I went shopping I bought canned beans. I used them anyway and did not salt anything. This made the recipe easier. I too probably would add a few spices to the sauce or the cakes. My husband does not like sour cream but liked the sauce with the jalapeno. Thought it was intresting and would be great with any Mexican/Spanish type dish. I would be willing to make this again
This dish was delicious, and pretty simple! First, I should admit that I followed the ingredient list, but not the amounts. And, I didn't puree the peas but just pulsed them in the food processor so they kept some texture (same with the onion). I decreased the amount of flour, upped the amount of onion and lime juice, and added some ancho chile powder for depth and heat. I think hand-mixing the ingredients made a big difference- kept the mixture from becoming pasty. I used ancho chile powder in the sour cream too, instead of jalapenos. I served the cakes for a light summer dinner with a spinach salad on the side, and got rave reviews. Would probably work well with canned garbanzos or other similar peas or beans, for a faster version.
Took way too much effort for not that great of a dish. I wouldn't suggest it unless you just have to have a recipe using black-eyed peas. If you do make it, follow the suggestions of the other review that suggest adding more salt, peppers/hot sauce, and lime to add some flavor.
This recipie was too detailed and the results were not what we had expected. The cakes were too bland(even after we added more salt to the batter). We added more jalapeno to the sour cream than the recipe called for and a sqeeze or two of lime might have given it a zestier flavor.
Every New Year's Day I try and serve family, friends and houseguests a different Black-Eyed Pea recipe, but I think my search is over. This one is easy, tastes wonderful, and got rave reviews. The folks who were here this year have been put on notice: they'll get it again on January 1, 2001. Meanwhile, I'll plan on at least a couple of Black-Eyed Pea Cake breakfasts between now and then.This was OK, but definitely not impressive. My boyfriend didn't finish his, and I had a hard time with mine, because its quite dry. I took the rest to work the next day, though and it was much better after the flavors had ahd time to blend.
This was quick and easy to make, and it satisfied my (usually carnivorous) husband enough to pass as dinner. I had to use canned peaches and baby spinach as my market didn't have any decent fresh peaches or watercress, but the salad still had great flavor.I made this as an appetizer/amuse in a mini muffin pan which worked out fine. The dish is very sweet which I wasn't expecting. I thought that the saltiness of the olives would balance the sweetness, but it didn't seem like there were enough olives to really do that. I doubt I'd try it again, but if I did, I might increase the amount of olives or skip the poaching and possibly just soak in water for a few hours. The batter was great and I would definitely use it for a traditional fruit clafoutis. The almonds gave it a nice texture.
I can't believe I'm the first to rate this - it was spectacular! Served pieces with - as suggested - mache and some simple cheeses. Like that could stand alone as an elegant supper (champagne?) Anyway do try it - although you need to plan ahead it is really quite simple to make - the results far exceed the investment of (passive) time. Bravo to the chef!I added a little sugar and chopped pecans. Everyone webt "nuts" over it.
Don't bother making the yogurt cheese unless you're curious aboutt he process, but the stuff at Trader Joe's is terrible by Middle Eastern standards. Go to a Middle Eastern Market (if one is available) and get the real thing, called Lebneh or labneh. It's MUCH better! It's also good with zaatar, a spice mix and olive oil.
First of all, this is not a recipe. Do you have a Trader Joe's or a Dorothy Lane Market in your area? If so, buy the Greek-Style Yogurt from there (Even the 2% works!) so you don't have to mess with cheesecloth & waiting overnight. This can all be done at the last minute. Trader Joe's also sells really great flatbread in 3 flavors! I was disappointed because I was expecting a flatbread recipe.My first time cooking forbidden rice, and some of the comments had me apprehensive. I wonder if some of you are confusing black wild rice with black jasmine rice? Forbidden rice is jasmine rice - just black. You can find it under Lotus Foods on the internet or(in the West)at Cost Plus World Market. For half the price, you can go to your Asian or international market and get Dragonfly brand black jasmine rice. I made it 1 cup of rice to 1 3/4 cups water, brought it to a boil and simmered for 20 minutes -- it was just perfect. I forgot the sesame oil and added it afterwards, and it was still delicious. Black rice is so full of flavonoids and other good things for you - do try to master it.
This is the first time I ever made or ate black rice. It was good and was pretty with the scallops in the original Gourmet recipe. I don't know that I'd seek this out again if I wasn't making the scallops, but we liked it. I thought it turned out a bit more watery than I'd have liked, but I really wasn't sure what to expect.
I too thought the rice tasted burned, and was disappointed, but found that a generous sprinkling of granulated white sugar, or alternately, a drizzling of honey neutralized that effect. Sesame oil tastes fine on it's own, as does the rice, but together, without any doctoring, ew. I added chopped walnuts and dried cranberries to mine. Next time, I intend to use pecans instead of walnuts, and also add some chopped apple with the cranberries. MMMM good!
followed the suggestions and used less water. I thought that the sesame oil amount was fine
Nasty. The sesame oil was overpowering and made the rice taste burned. Perhaps a good quantity of toasted sesame seeds, instead of the oil, would salvage this.
i love black rice. i used a little less water than the recipe called for and it ruled. i also added edamame (without the shells) for a asian style rice and peas effect. mmmmmm.
This was the first time I have cooked or eaten black rice. The taste was wonderful, but I did have a problem in cooking the rice as the recipe called for. I had too much liquid for the amount of rice. I followed the recipe exactly and have not had a problem in cooking rice in the past. I will add more rice to the liquid the next time I make this. I think one cup of the black rice would work just fine. I served the seared scallops over the rice. The flavors were wonderful.A disappointing use of a surprise find of beautiful blackberries in February. More like a pie than a cobbler, tho with a very dense crust. A lighter flakier one would have better suited this dish. Also way too sweet; the sugar overpowered the berries. If I make again I'll use another pastry dough recipe and halve the sugar. Maybe add lemon juice and eliminate the butter slivers on top (which were totally unnecessary).Actually maybe I'll just make a pie!Uggggh. Though this mousse has a gorgeous, vibrant color, it is really not very good. The orange taste from the zest, juice, and Grand Marnier overpowers the flavor of the blackberries. Because I like mousse to be smooth, I pureed the orange-blackberry mixture and then pushed it through a fine sieve. This resulted in an okay texture, but the taste of the mousse is just not "smooth", which was a disappointment. (However, my father did enjoy the leftovers for breakfast! To each his own...)
We made this for a Christmas desert contest and WON! It tastes wonderful and is very easy to make. One suggestion, the consistency is better if you make it a day ahead of time. All of my relatives have asked for the recipe.Have had this recipe for 8 years waiting for the right opportunity to make it. Sad to say that I was not impressed with this crust. Too hard to work with after only 1 hour int the refrigerator. I literally had to take it outside to the 90░F heat to soften it enough to roll out. Also, raspberries tend to be bitter, and aI think a sweeter crust would have complemented the filling better.
This crust recipe is basically like any other, but for the addition of vinegar, which I have encountered occasionally before. Perhaps the "rock hard" comes from overworking the pastry. I always make all my pastries in a food processor, but only pulse it and for just a couple minutes at the very most. If it takes longer than five minutes to make a crust, it's been worked too long and can yield a hard crust.
The filling was great, but I took the advice of other reviewers and used my own crust recipe. I am a big fan of making blackberry pies and the raspberries gave it a nice added flair.
i'm in a quandry after reading the reviews!!! i'm getting ready to make this recipe, do i or don't i use the crust recipe!! never had i seen such different reactions to a recipe!
First time I made this it turned out great. The second time, filling didn't thicken. Make sure fresh berries are used and let it set the 10 min with cornstarch and sugar mixture. No problems since. Has been a hit at family get togethers.
My grandmother taught me to bake pies when I was a child... now I'm a grandmother, so that gives you an idea of how much experience I have with pastry. I've never in my life baked a worse pie crust than this one. The words "rock hard" and "cement" describe it perfectly! What threw me was the heading..."exceptionally flaky crust"? No way, Jose! I wish I hadn't spent so much money on out of season berries!
Had great success with this pie and everyone loved it. My crust came out flaky and perfect! I've been amking pies for years and will add this to my favorites list. I don't understand the negative reviews.
Oh the horror! I baked this last summer before discovering these reviews. If I'd read them, I would never have attempted this crust. It was AWFUL, to put it politely. Like others, I scooped out the filling and served it over ice cream. Live and learn.
This was one of the best pies I've ever made (I usaully only make apple). I have never made my ouwn crust before (always buy store bought) and this crust came out great. Will definitely make this again next summer!
I used my standard crust for the pie - half butter and half Crisco - flaky with good flavor. I also used half corn starch and half minute tapioca, and it firmed up nicely after cooling. Blackberries and raspberries ripen at different times in Oregon, so I used all blackberries (8 cups). Finally, I brushed the crust with an egg/milk mixture, resulting in a golden crust, unlike the pale pie on the cover.
I didn't want to risk a bad pie crust after reading all the other comments about "cement," etc., so I used my own. The filling was tasty but thin. Have other people had problems with berry pies getting the juice to thicken?
My guests were very impressed! The crust was easy to make, and was flaky and absorbant, perfect to soak up the berry juice, as well as the melted vanilla ice cream on each plate. I used the food processor for making the dough, which I recommend. I substituted blueberries for blackberries, with great results. As for hard crust that some others noted: make sure you don't roll out the dough with your hands - the oil on your fingers will ruin it!
Made it for a family dinner party. Liked it a lot. I didn't find the crust very flaky - a bit too firm. Had to try it - it looked fabulous on the magazine cover!
I thought this was one of the most delicious pies I've ever made. I used a deep dish pie plate and increased the ingredients by 1/4. Everyone at my dinner party loved it and asked for the recipe. I just e-mailed recipe to my neighbor, whose husband said it was the best pie he's ever tasted.
The 2 times I've made this in the past week, the crust has been delicious. It's a bit hard to roll out, and I think it's rather thick, but I happen to love crusts that way. Plus it wonderfully absorbs the delicious fruit juices. I use all 6 tbsp. of water, and needed to cook for more than 1 1/2 hrs, rather than 50 min. The filling is out of this world. Perfectly tart. Every one of my guests LOVED it. I also used the crust for the strawberry rhubarb pie (recipe from Epic.). Also a huge hit.
I used the crust recipe twice. First time with an open top Strawberry Pie. EVERYONE liked it. The 2nd time, I used the filling recipe but used all blackberries. Everyone loved it. I found the crust difficult to roll after chilling overnight. But after leaving it out for about half an hour, it was fine.
Exceptionally flaky crust? Don't think so! It baked up like cement. Bad bad bad.
Followed the advice of the others and used a different pie crust. Filling was good, not too sweet.
Even though my husband has been baking pies since he was a child, I thought he might have made a mistake after I tasted this crust. I guess not --after reading the previous review, I realize he probably didn't. Our crust was also unusually hard. I know that all butter crusts are sometimes tough to handle, but this one was really something else. The filling was yummy, but this pie was kind of a waste of good berries.
The filling was great, and I would make it again, but use my own fruit pie crust recipe. For some odd reason this crust baked up hard as a rock. I have no idea what went wrong, but I ended up scooping out the filling and used it as a sauce over vanilla ice cream.The Smart Way to Lose Weight: The Best Low-Calorie Recipes, Diet Tips, & Treats----- This recipe is listed under this category?
I actually didn't get a chance to try this because my guests sucked it up, so it must have been good. I wound up using only 1 grapefruit--i had extra syrup but spooned the fruit into a seperate bowl. Served it with a bunch of other desserts--some people ate it straight, some added it as topping to a brandy alexander pie.
A wonderful appetizer! I made this for the Rosh Hashana holiday. Everyone loved it.
Used this a part of a holiday brunch. It was a great with the very rich stradas that we served. It also makes a beautiful dishI didn't have 2 items, so I improvised. Substituted rice wine vinegar for appple cider and half & half for buttermilk. I used stilton w/apricots(TJ's) for the bleu cheese. I don't know what the origanal recipe was like, but this is sooooooo good. Really easy, too. Love it:)
Good flavor - if you use only 6 cups of coleslaw. 12 cups is to dry. I will make this one again. It was a hit at the office potluck.
I've been trying to mimic the red, white & bleu slaw served at Maxie's Supper Club in Ithaca, NY. This is the closest so far; include the additions mentioned in earlier reviews (dijon, mayo, scallions) and sub half of the green cabbage with red. Great with spicy BBQ at the 4th of July.
Easy & tasty!
It cannot compare to the recipe for Blue Cheese Coleslaw, Gourmet, May 2004, p.38, which I had wanted to save.
I wouldn't make this recipe again as written, but I took the advice to add sherry vinegar, dijon, mayo and onion, and it produced an ok dish. I brought it to a bbq and everyone appreciated that it wasn't the same old cole slaw they had been eating all summer. It not phenomenal, but it's something different.
I wish that I had read the reviews on this before I made it. I definitely would have added to the ingredients. It was not exceptional, but with some changes I would make it again.
My husband and i really liked it. Although I do use mayo and cut the buttermilk. Because I love nuts I also mix in candied pecans.
I made this coleslaw and was not impressed!! It was very runny and tasteless... I even doctored it up the next day and it was still tasteless. I won't be making this again!!!
I've made this recipe twice. My husband and son loved it...I followed the advice from the cook from Saskatoon (thanks!). I used mayonnaise and a little dijon mustard...It was excellent...
Don't waste the blue cheese.
I make a blue cheese slaw recipe that uses mayonnaise, a splash of cider or sherry vinegar, a teaspoon of dijon mustard, and a pinch of sugar, salt and pepper. Stir in some crumbled blue cheese, and add to shredded cabbage and green onions and garnish with more blue cheese. You certainly can't say it's bland! Maybe give that a try instead.
This recipe was OK, but I wouldn't make it again. I thought the blue cheese would really give this recipe a kick but it was pretty bland.This recipe was a good twist on an old favorite. I used Marie Callendars cornbread mix instead of Jiffy. I thought it was WAY too peppery. I'm wondering whether it was supposed to be green pepper or less pepper.
I love this recipe, because it is delicious and quick. That Jiffy corn muffin mix is pretty sweet, and it contrasts well with the blue cheese. I made it with a creamy, mild blue cheese and that was perfect--a good contrast between the sweet and the blue cheese. I didn't notice anything being too peppery. My advice for this recipe is make it when you want to whip up something real fast--and don't mind sweet cornbread (some people get real offended if you serve them sweet cornbread). Also, eat it right away, because it's only good right out of the oven.
I made this last T-Day with reduced fat bleu cheese - normally against my religion - out of deference to my sister-in-law who is into 2% this and unsalted that. Yuck! Use the real stuff and it's a good quick addition to an interesting bread basket.
I did like this, but, I would cut back on the pepper a bit & add a bit more cheese & onions to keep it from being too dry.
I thought this bread was a bit dry but otherwise o.k. in flavor. My dinner guest didn't care for it at all eventhough she likes blue cheese. Note the amount of pepper to be added (I cut this in half). Simple, but not worth making again.Excellent and insanely easy to make.
My health-minded friends thought this was great. I didn't like it very much. But I'd probably make it again for them.Wonderful. definitely one of my favorites. although it's not traditional in taste and color(it turned out green because of the olive oil), it is perfect if you enjoy different foods.
Wonderful. It's addicting, but it turned out green from the olive oil! Definitely one of my favorites.
Really a lot of effort and oil for a dull dressing.
Made it for a party this weekend as a side for some hot wings, and a veggies. Seemed a waste of good blue cheese. Taste was only so-so.
I added a minced shallot to the dressing and served it over a spinach/arugula salad with green grapes and pine nuts. Yummmm. (No need for more salt!)
Mmmmmmm. I was cooking last minute, so I had to use gorgonzola and red onion. I also never tasted a need for any salt. This turned out really well! I'm going to use the leftovers tomorrow on a turkey cobb. This will definitely go in my regular repertoire.
This is by no means a traditional bleu cheese dressing, but it is yummy as a dip or a spread ... just a hint--if you want to eliminate all of that oil, process one cup of cottage cheese (not low fat) in lieu of the olive oil and if you still want the olive oil flavor, drizzle some on top before serving.
excellent for chicken and can stand up to a steak salade as well. Good dip dressing for just about any veggie you can imagine. I omitted any additional salt and fired it up with a little more tabasco as we like it spicy!
The recipe is excellent. Doesn't need all of that salt though.
Absolutely delicious with a real Continental flavor. So superior to what passes for blue cheese dressing in bottles, at restaurants, etc. Thank you.
dee-scusting.
If you like mustard and mediterranean flavors, this would be fine. However, its not a traditional blue-cheese color or texture. Takes on the color of the vinegar. It is healthier with the olive oil than most blue cheese sauces. Maybe we'll try it again.I have been making various types of pies for years. The texture was such that I could not eat this, others thought it was the worst dessert I have ever made. The color was almost comical looking - wouldn't recommend this from an appearance perspective either. Note: I have never worked with 'low fat', 'no fat' cream cheese. So if you're ok and know what to expect - then this dessert may be fine for you.
Pretty good and very easy to make - I do think it's supposed to be 4 tbsp of light butter - not 4 tsp
I made this for a coffee with several friends. Everyone was surprized that it was low fat! It was a nice treat. I will make this again.This recipe was too tart. I won't make this again.
Easy to whip up.Blueberries are expensive but it was fun to get them fresh from the farmers' market. My girls loved it. I ate it at night - then used it in the morning for the girls with a banana, a little juice for smoothies.
Beautiful color, very easy. Not as tasty as a custard-style ice cream, but much less work and very rich.Good,very easy - we used desiccated coconut instead of fresh and not as much mint as it called for (I ran out) - I'll try it again with more mint.
We made this using Black Cod and really liked it a lot. Delicious and not at all heavy. Added a touch of honey to the sauce. Only made two filets of fish and had soem extra sauce so used that in the steaming liquid...the whole kitchen smelled wonderful. Also thought the sauce would be nice stirred into some plain rice and served as a side dish with other things.
This is a Parsi dish. Bombay has one of the largest Parsi populations in the country...these are people who came from Iran and have developed there own unique style of cuisine. It basically has a thick mint cilantro chutney inside the banana pocket...a few variations are seen from one family kitchen to another. Someother Parsi jewels include Dhansak, lagan nu custard..... yummm!!
This was a very light dish, appropriate for a late summer supper. I'd recommend increasing the garlic for more flavor, although I think it still needs something else. After all that effort grating the coconut, I was disappointed that it disappeared in the sauce. I would save the freshly grated coconut for another dish that features it, and use desiccated coconut or coconut milk instead for this sauce.
Easy recipe; is more authentic with catfish rather than salmon; also I would recommend adding a pinch of sugar to the marinade and a little bit of serrano chili pepper to make things hot/sweet/spicy. Also when you steam the fish add a tablespoon of flavored vinegar to the waterI also got the blue curacao--and despite the wierd color it was lapped up by my guests and they wanted more! Expensive to make, but a keeper to make. Was great!
Oh man this was bad. I missed a few steps and it was just a mess. If it didn't take insane amounts of expensive alcohol to make, I MIGHT try it again...but I seriously think this recipe is a total loss.
have made this several times and it's always a favorite with guests.
I made this punch for Easter Brunch. We made the mistake of getting blue Curacao...apparently it comes clear as well. The color of the punch looked like a cross between ice tea and coke. It was not attractive at all. The taste was ok but would try another punch before this one.
Since when does champagne come in quarts!? Try 3 75 cl bottles and halving the other amounts. This fills a 5-quart (5-litre) punch bowl. Very potent but delicious-- less sweet than the (also excellent) Champagne Punch on this site.First time I have actually cooked a Chicken Breast.. It was great.
I have to agree with the other reviewer. This doesn't really qualify as a recipe. This is just how to grill a chichken breast. The only thing it could do is help someone who's never grilled chicken, by giving them a clue on the timing. This is just add salt and pepper to taste. Salt & Pepper don't really even count as ingredients of a recipe, since you would put salt on anything you cook anyway. Doesn't even come out as a perfectly juciy and tasty grilled chicken. This has nothing to do with being a food snob, if I can make this wihtout any instructions, why would I need to go to a recipe site? As far as I'm concered this is not a recipe. There are no ingredients and no measurements for the ones listed as ingredients.
Despite the previous "review", this is an excellent recipe. A recipe is simple a guide for preparing food and that is what this is so try not to be too elitist and self centered. Many grill recipes are simple and basic, yet produce fantastic results, this one for example, grilled asparagus for another.
Are you kidding? This isn't a recipe - it's how to overcook very bland chicken on a grill. A monkey could do this, if very bored.I was excited to try this recipe after seeing it on the "Epicurious" show on cable. I read the previous reviews and followed the recipe with the addition of more garlic, one extra bottle of beer (offset with less water), no epazote (couldn't find it) and I used Birdseye chilies, instead of Guajillo. I found our beans to be anything but bland. Apparently Birdeye chilies are ranked a similiar heat as Habaneros. One reviewer suggested adding some bacon, I used the 1 cup that the recipe called for. I did mine in a stock pot, then transferred to a crockpot for the day. They were tneder and quite flavorful, but not for the faint of heart. Next time I will try a milder chili so my children can enjoy them too.
I've had better. Next time I would add bacon and season closer to the end and add some oregano and salsa!
This is kind of bland. I even added more beer near the end of cooking. I will make it again, with some tweaking, most likely more spices, more garlic, and more beer.Meh. Americanized borscht at best. Good taste, quick too. Not authentic, but good.
Not a tasty Russian beet soup!
did not even bother
I don't know what's truly "traditional" in Russian or Ukranian cuisine--my family's comes from all over Western Europe and I'm more familiar with German and Italian food traditions. I have a long-lived fascination with Russian culture and have experimented with borsct for 20 years, though I would never use store-bought pickled beets in anything. I used to make it from fresh ingredients, but now I use beets that I pickle naturally (and quite traditionally) at home. Not only is this soup delicious, it is so easy. Beef broth, leftover pot roast, pickled beets and some boiled root vegetables...top with homemade yogurt and it's as good as or even better than any borscht I've made with fresh ingredients and vinegar.
You can make this but don't claim it's borsch. You're doing a disservice to everyone who is looking for the real recipe. One advice: to make borsch, EVERYTHING has to be fresh.
I'm not Ukrainian. I'm Albanian. Is that like the same thing?
I'm not Ukranian, but even I know not to use pickled beets!
Traditional? No. Delicious? Yes. Quick and easy? Definitely. Suspend your pre-conceived notions of what borscht should be; call it something else if you like. My family and I really liked this soup. And it's beautiful to look at.
Being Russian (Ukrainian) myself, I would like to support all comments that were made by fellow Russian cook. The recipe given is NOT A BORSCHT. This recipe is simply a nonsense. Besides, there is no such thing as Russian Borscht. It is an authentic Ukrainian dish. No wonder people would not like Russian cuisine. It's a shame you could not find a decent version of Borscht recipe. P.S. In Ukraine it is a requirement to sautΘ beets together with fresh tomatoes for a long time before putting the mixture into the stock, potatoes should be added before the tomato mixture, otherwise they will have tough texture.
Due to the mixed reviews, I had reservations about trying this recipe...but I went ahead and proceeded with caution. I was not disappointed. The recipe yielded a wonderfully rich and hearty borscht. Taking hints from a reviewer below, I also put my potatoes directly into the borscht and left the skins on. I simmered the borscht a much longer time than directed, not only to cook the potatoes, but to let all of the flavors blend. I used chicken stock in place of beef, and finely chopped my carrots, celery, and onions in a food processor. I was weary, too, about using the jarred beets. Fresh would no doubt have been better. Though this was a delicious and satisfying soup (almost a stew), it was not a winner in terms of traditional borscht. When I think of my grandmother's borscht I dream of that deep red broth with beets on the bottom of the bowl. If that's the kind of borscht you're after, try another recipe. All that said, the finished product, especially after a day, was absolutely delicious.
I am Russian , was born and raised in Moscow .I also am a pretty good cook as far as russian cusine is concerned. So you all can trust me on that - this is NOT borscht. First - there MUST be beef in it, second - potatoes should be boiled in the soup , not just water , third - there is NO celery in Russia , never was ,so you can't use it in russian cooking , forth - you HAVE to use cabbage and tomatoes in borscht ,fifth - can't use pickled beets , only fresh ones , sixth - must add lemon juice and sugar, seventh - bay leaf is a must as well and last - it takes at least 2 1/2, better yet 3 hours to make a good borscht. Good luck !
I always make a dish according to the recipe once, then add my own flair. This recipe, as is, is a loser in terms of Borscht. But I browned some stew meat (cutting off obvious fat), used homemade beef stock, left the skins on the spuds and microwaved then diced fresh beets, and it turned out wonderfully. A big hit.
Wow! Couldn't believe this soup turned out so spectacular based on the time and ingredients! It's more of a Russian borscht than Ukrainian, with the sweetness. My family loved it with sour cream, but it is also very refresing without. Do cut up the beets though, and use tiny potatoes (serve on in the bottom of each bowl) if you can find.
Those who rated this Borscht highly have certainly never been to the restaurant Russian Tea Time in Chicago. This was very bland and needed more vinegar (or maybe zippier pickled beets). It was however extremely easy to prepare.
Like the last reviewer, I also diced the potatoes & beets. I prefer a chunkier, heartier soup as well. Delicious and easy. Perfect with some whole grain or rye bread and butter for a lite meal. Was concerned about using the jarred beets, however, they worked wonderfully. Used the fresh dill & sour cream too.
My boyfriend, who's part russian, has been asking me to make borscht. It was one of his favorite dish growing up. It was my first time making it and it got rave rewiews from him. He even said it was better than his mom's!!! (All cooks know this is the best compliment you can get...). I used fresh beets instead of pickled ones and added some cider vinegar with a touch of sugar to make up for the brine. I also diced the potatoes and the beets as well and cooked all the vegetables together until tender. I also used my hand blender for a few second to add some texture to it (I like thick soups). It was delicious. But don't wear white when you eat this!
This borscht was fairly easy and doesn't require any fancy ingredients. The servings for four were hearty, and it tasted great! I added about a half tsp. dried dill with the beets, instead of adding fresh dill at the end, and it turned out just fine.
this is really good except i like to add a little red cabbage to the beets.My family LOVES this salad. For a dinner where it is busy with tons of flavours rolling around this is my go to salad. Fresh snipped chives from my garden along with fresh garlic from the market along with fresh organic butter lettuce, and we're in heaven.
I feel this is a good light salad as described in the recipe, the butter is not overpowering because of the lemon
This was a waste,we all took one bite and in to the garbage it went.Not worth wasting any ingredients for this recipe.We are big salad eaters in my family.To the Cook from Norcross, GA: if you don't know what a Gaeta olive is, do a search on the web. You will find that it is a substitute for Kalamata olives, and each type has its own marketing group which will tell you that that particular olive is the best. I agree with the previous reviewer who noted to use larger pieces of broccoli. Otherwise, it will become like the frozen broccoli pieces my mother used to boil on high for 45-60 minutes--YUCK. Larger pieces boiled or steamed for only a few minutes then sauteed as also previously stated. Also, unless you are a vampire, double the amount of garlic.
I read the reviews and adjusted the recipe. I prepped my broccoli as regular bite sized pieces. I steamed it. While the broccoli steamed, I sauteed the onion, marjoram (dried, so half the amt), garlic, olive paste in EVOO. When the broccoli was done cooking, I quickly tossed it with the olive "dressing." Squirted a little lemon juice and sprinkled some salt. Very, very tasty.
I thought this was fine. I used pureed green olives and cooked the onion with the broccoli in water and drained it all and then added the other ingredients. The end is just a basic sauteed broccoli and onions.
The overall idea of this recipe is okay but it needs to be worked on a bit. For instance, I wouldn't chop the broccoli that small as it tends to become a puree then. I also have my doubts about the slow braising method. I think it's best to cook the broccoli for about 3 minutes, drain, let cool, and then saute for 3 minutes. Throw in the onion and garlic and then the rest and cook for another 5 minutes. Should be better!
I had high hopes for this recipe but was dissapointed. The dish had unappatizing coloration and the flavoring was poor.
I was really disappointed in this recipe. I looked all over for "Gaeta" olives and ended up using black jumbo olives, because I could not find them, and did not know if they were black or green. Perhaps that is why it had a slightly bitter taste. There were NO seconds required.
This is not a review, it is a message for Irene Sax. Dear Irene, Broccoli sprouts are sprouted broccoli seeds, with just the seed leaves (the true leaves have not yet developed) and the stem. In our local produce departments we can buy many different varieties of sprouts, not just the usual bean sprouts and alfalfa sprouts. Deborah Madison means fresh herbs. Fresh marjoram is common in the produce departments here, even in chain supermarkets. Jill Otto
PEOPLELIKEDIT;BUTIWOULDDOITONA SPECIAL OCCASSION.As a weekday side dish, this is really a very good recipe. All I did to give it a kick was to add a 1/2 tsp of ground cumin. However, cook times are quite underestimated, at least for my stove top. I'd allow for more time at each stage.
Not very interesting. Following the advice of other reviewers, I doubled the amount of onion and carmelized them first.I more than doubled the amount of curry powder and substituted dry coriander because I did not have fresh. I also added lots of salt and pepper and even added fresh lemon juice at the end to brighten the taste. Still, just mediocre.
I would just like to clarify the issue regarding heating olive oil (or any oil). Some companies will heat the olives to extract the oil -- which makes the oil carcinogenic. Cold pressed olive oil, or expelled, is safe, even when heated in your pan (extra virgin for example). It's a misunderstanding. So, go ahead and do as the Greek do.
I hate to say it, but this was terrible. Just bland as could be - we were going to have dal as another side and I finally ended up dumping the dal into this and reducing it down to make this edible. Based on the cauliflower curry my bengali mom makes, I think this could be saved by (1) doubling or tripling the onion, and sauting it alone until caramelized before adding the cauliflower (2) doubling or tripling the curry powder and adding a little extra cayenne and turmeric (3) adding some minced fresh ginger and (4) adding at least a teaspoon of salt.
I added some fresh ginger and some grated coconut cream. I also used more curry powder. I had it with naan bread and chicken tikka masala. Truly delicious combo.
Highly recommended! A really excellent way to prepare cauliflower. Even my husband (who doesn't usually care for cauliflower) liked it. I served it with dal and basmati rice for a veggie dinner. As previous reviewers said, I recommend an extra teaspoon curry powder and a teaspoon of salt.
i found this recipe good but like the other reviewer subsituted sour cream instead of yoghurt fordepth of flavour. as for the comment made that olive olil becomes toxic when heated, this is true but only when heated to the smoking point, you should always use vegetable if you are using extreme heats.
This was really good. I used goat yogurt and substituted flat-leaf parsley for the cilantro. My partner went for seconds and that NEVER happens with vegetables.
I'm planning to make this dish, but I'm curious about a reviewer's comment that "olive oil becomes toxic when heated." If that is so, then Spain, Greece, Portugal and many other countries must be overwhelmed with olive oil victims. I'll add a serious review after the kitchen is remodeled, and I can resume normal cooking
I think the basis of the recipe is a good one, but based on other cooks' reviews, I did the following modifications: - use Ghee (indian style clarified butter) instead of olive oil (which becomes toxic when heated) - stir-fry onions and fresh galangal or ginger before putting the cauliflower in - use in 3 equal parts water, a thick bulgarian yogurt and coconut milk instead of just watered down yogurt - use some very good, fresh curry powder (2 1/2 teaspoons instead of 1) - serve with a spicy beef dish and some dahl, to counter the cauli's blandness. Oh, and also some cucumber raita. Namaste!
I agree this was very bland and boring and I added alot of curry. It just was missing something that I could not put my finger on.
I thought this was a very good way to prepare cauliflower. I doubled the curry and substituted sour cream for the yogurt. I didn't think it was bland at all, although it did need a bit of salt. I will defintley make this again.
easy, different and delicious. definitely a keeper.
Extremely bland and boring. I had to bog it down with salt and extra curry powder just to make it flavorful.
I loved it! It was quick and easy. I used more than 1 teaspoon of curry - because I'm a big curry fan. I'll definately make this again.I am sort of an intermediate greens eater and probably do it more to placate my partner. I doctored the recipe out of necessity with what I had on hand. (Sweet onion, raspberry vinegar, smoked bacon end.) Dont over boil or over braise the kale, keep it crisp. I found this recipe simple and delicious however Kale is slightly bitter so add some sugar or honey to the vinegar (to make the medicine go down) if you are trying to indoctrinate a carnivore.
use extra bacon, less kale, then deposit into trash.
The vinegar didn't go well with the bacon.
Delicious; but use a little less bacon to make it healthier.
I love this recipe. It's a great way to cook kale. It's a delicious side dish with almost anything.
This recipe is easy and delicious. I've made it several times. I also took the bacon out and drained it on a paper towl after it had browned, otherwise it would be too soggy. I used balsamic vinegar and cut it to 2 table spoons. This recipe goes great with teriyaki chicken or steak.
surprisingly delicious, my husband loved it ( he's not much of a greens guy). A nice side dish for fish or poultry I think.
I make this frequently, using the following variations from time to time: balsamic instead of red wine vinegar, adding the vinegar as soon the pan is covered; shallots instead of onions; a 50/50 mix of mustard greens and kale instead of all kale, blanching the mustard greens and adding when ready to cover the kale. It's a great accompaniment to strong meats, sausages, or hearty fowl dishes. A good basic technique.
This was a very good side dish for our Southern Dinner of Fried Chicken. I did change one thing. When the bacon browns I took it out and put it on paper towels. I cooked like normal and then added the crisp bacon on top at the end. I used some roasted red peppers to add some color. It was good.This dish didn't turn out nearly as good as I expected it to.
We've enjoyed this recipe twice recently with fresh peas from the farm. Will make this again and again - delicious!
So simple and yet so tasty.Love this recipe with Jil's Dune Single Vineyard Chenin Blanc from Springfontein Wine Estate in South Africa I am making it for guests this Easter - next time I will use less vegetable oil: I like the lean meat and sauce, and I will add dried prunes to the sauce to give it some sweetness! Love Epicurious!
it does say when to add bacon..... Heat a large cast-iron skillet over medium heat. Add the shortening and bacon and cook, stirring, until shortening has melted and bacon has cooked halfway and rendered much of its fat. Drain the bacon fat from skillet Read More http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Braised-Rabbit-with-Bacon-Sage-Dumplings-363009#ixzz1bLDiyPVN
If I could have given this recipe a 2.5 I would have. I've been looking at this recipe for weeks, and despite the poor directions(it never says where the cooked bacon goes, and a "bunch" of sage is way too vague for me) I gave it a shot anyway. I cut the recipe by half- only two of us. I put the cooked bacon in the braising mix (no bacon chunks in the final dish). Used 5-~1.5" leaves of sage, and 6-~1.5"long sprigs of thyme in the braise. The meat was nicely flavored. In the final stew I replaced some-not all- of the onion with leeks. The overall flavor of the dish was good. It was "sagey" but the flavor was not overpowering, and I would make it again. However the down sides to this dish are it's lack luster presentation, and pasty bacon sage dumplings. As far as presentation, ok let's face it- it is a stew- but it really did not look as appealing as it smelled and I would not make this dish if your looking for a-WOW factor. Second, I was really disappointed in the dumplings. I chose to cook them right at the finish (really they would not have held oiled or not). I worked in two batches (even tested cooking time with a couple of noodles), and only held them long enough so that I could add all of the dumplings to the stew at one time. Honestly, I almost did not add them because I was worried they would ruin the dish, and in retrospect I probably should have left them out. They turned into mushy fatty paste (true taste of southern cooking or not-they were really kind of nasty). If I try to make the dumplings again, I'd back off on the fat and add an egg to make them into more of a noodle -or- make a potato dumpling that holds together more.I substituted an additional cup of wine for the apple juice. The vegetables and sauce were quite tasty. Even after browning and roasting for 3 hours,the meat was tasteless. I think it may be the cut of meat; next time, I'll substitute pork shoulder.
Surprisingly tasty, this wintery dish is a cinch to prepare and provides a great use for an inexpensive cut of meat. It reminds me of pot au feu. I omitted ingredients I did not have on hand--shallots and chives--and used only 1 C. cabbage (Napa). Instead of apple juice I used white wine and water. I put in the cloves but not whole, sprinkling ground cloves as if salting and peppering. I would not omit cloves, as the spice in combination gave a unique taste. The 12 garlic cloves (peeled in mine) and vegetables nearly dissolved in the gravy, and I could not taste garlic but rather a slight sweetness. I baked the well-browned meat at 350 for 1 hr and then 250 for 2 hours. The meat, resembling the texture of chuck roast, fell off the bones and fat separated. I had lots of gravy left even after I reduced it. I strained the remainder and will freeze and use it in dishes calling for veal stock or demi-glace. I served the veal with Yukon Gold mashed potatoes, steamed broccoli, and a spinach salad with blue cheese dressing. Because this recipe is easier to prepare than many for stuffed veal breasts, I'll make this one-pot dish again.this recipe is super delicious
I made this for a dinner party. It is good for an everyday meal, but is not guest-worthy. The sauce (composed mostly of diced tomotoes and chicken broth) was too thin and acted more as a giant marinade.
I've made this dish several times and it always comes out beautiful. Great Sunday evening dinner served over goat cheese mashed potatoes.These were fine but a bit moist. I used a half a stick butter melted and cooled, a whole egg, agave syrup and a bit of molasses instead of honey. They taste good and the recipe is much easier than all the others I have found. I will continue to experiment with this one. (It made 14 muffins.)
They were just OK. They were a little dry. I did add some oil but don't know if that made it better.
I found thes muffins to be quite dense and somewhat dry. I will try them again, perhaps adding some apple or sultana raisins.
I tried this recipe. The muffins did not rise fully (maybe 65%). I re-read the recipe to see if I missed something. There is NO shortening! I checked all my cookbooks. Everybody uses 2 to 6 tablespoons of oil or shortening. Is this a mistake, or are these Flat Muffins?
This was an excellent recipe. I used two cups of the all bran and added fresh blueberries. The recipe made 12 muffins and my family loved them. I will definately add this one to my repetoire.
I make these muffins all of the time - they're wonderful! Not too sweet, either.Like the others, I think it needs more cod. Double the cod and it is just about right. Just flake the fish after poaching. I get my cod from a local European grocery.
any recommendations on where i can find salted cod???
This is a very easy recipe. There could be more cod, but that is to be adjusted according to the cook's preference. I made it as the base for a souffle', and it's perfect. Just add bechamel, and fold it into whipped egg whites.
1/4 pound is not nearly enough salt cod. You need at least a pound. There are much better recipes for brandade.
I made brandade for a dinner party and our guests fell on it with great enthusiasm. I served it warm with melba toast on the side so they could spread as much as they liked onto the toast. I made it several days ahead of time and like the recipe says it didn't suffer at all from this. I decided on tasting it that it needed more salt cod and I had plenty of time to soak more and add it.Here's an idea -- let's call this dish "Outrageously Delicious Black Beans of No Particular National or Ethnic Origin." I think the ratings will then be a lot higher.
This is not how Brazilian beans are made. Here is how I make them. Get 1 package dried beans black (or brown) soak them in water for 1-4 hours. They will absorb it so you may need to add more. Chop one onion. Crush 6-8 cloves of garlic. Finely chop 3 tablespoons of cilantro and 2 green onions. Sautee onions, cilantro, green onions and garlic in 1/4 cup of olive oil for about 5 minutes. Add 1tsp of oregano, 2-3 bayleaves and 1/2 tsp cumin. Then add beans and cover with water. After that I usally add about 1 TBSP salt and cook for at least one hour. It is best if you have a pressure cooker, it usually makes the beans more tender. I usally add more salt at the end to taste. You can also put meat in like chorico, linguica our salt pork. I would usually do that at the same time I add the beans. You can also add other vegetables like tomatoes or pepper, I would do that when I am sauteeing the other vegetables.
I just want to make a quick comment, this is not a typical (or at all) Brazilian recipe. The idea of adding cumin, cardamom, sherry, orange and serving this with sour cream makes no sense in that context, this is not a Brazilian flavor combination.
This is the best bean recipe I have ever tasted! I was surprised at how low it was rated overall in the review. But I see that the main criticism isn't of the dish itself but that apparently it is not authentic by the standards of Brazilian cuisine because of the ingredients that actually give it the unique and amazing flavor. Maybe if we just take "Brazilian" out of the name everyone will be happy.
We start with drained/rinsed canned black beans, and let them simmer in broth for a bit. Absolutely use crumbled chorizo for this (there is no substitute!), and save a smidge of the fat runoff for the veggie sautΘ. I use yellow onion (for antioxidant properties), Red Bell Pepper (because I hate green), and twice the garlic, because That Is How I Roll. I double the spice amounts, because I cook like I'm running the light show for a hair metal band. I drop an orange peel into the bean pot along with a can of ro-tel, and keep adding orange juice until I like the taste/texture. Your house will smell amazing. You should open your windows and make folks jealous.
I find it hard to believe that this recipe was intented to be feijoada. Actually, not even plain black beans are cooked this way in Brazil. Cumin, cardamom, orange juice and Sherry?! My guess is that the author took one too many caipirinhas before she wrote this. :-)
I am Brazilian and I assure the readers that this is not a true/real Brazilian recipe.You would come closer to the real recipe if the cumin,cardamon and the sherry are not included in it.
As a Brazilian I can tell you that it would be a cold day in Hell before any self respecting Brazilian cook would serve this. You're better off scraping the soles of your shoes and serving that on a dirty platter. That's just my opinion...
I'm no Brazilian, but it tasted good to me, even without any of the proper meats, all of which are unavailable here in Japan. Can't wait to try a real Feijoda.
Being a Brazilian living away from home I was looking for a good recipe... unfortunately this one is not authentic at all. Brazilians use a lot more meat (mainly cured pork), and add only salt and pepper to the dish. The side dish should be spicy. Too bad...Fortunately there are other recipes available. It's worth it to look for them under 'Feijoada'.
for an authenic feijoada completea(the name of the black bean dish) a bit of linguica,sliced pork and sweet potato needs to be added. to be true to form you'll want to find a recipe for farofa..the toasted manioc flour that brasilenos spinkle on everything. you'll want to serve fluffy white rice and sauteed collard greens on the side.
Try using Chorizo or fennel sausage to make it more authentic!Nice, bright green and lighter than traditional collards. Added minced garlic to saute pan first and a shake of crushed red peppers as others suggested. High quality, fresh greens a must.
I allowed extra time for the collard greens to properly cook. I also added a splash of vinegar and crushed red pepper.
Tut! I've lived and worked in Brazil and can tell you that this version of couvΘ would result in banishment for the cook. For authenticity one must be willing to go against the food Nazis of the US. First, the fat must be from pig. The earlier suggestion of bacon is good, although a really high quality lard from the top of the kidneys really takes it to another realm. Oh, and garlic is required.
Definitely add garlic to the olive oil; even if you don't have fresh garlic on hand, garlic powder will help do the trick.
I love collard greens, but this was a big disappointment. The greens were tough and bitter and lacked any interesting flavor combinations.
Not only is garlic a must in any Brasilian version of this, but also a slice or two of bacon help with the flavor...
MAJOR OOPS. I agree with the previous reviewer. I am Brazilian and sorry, but this recipe is *not* Brazilian without minced and roasted garlic... Lots of it!
A Brazilian-style collard green will have 5-6 fried crushed garlic cloves and the collard green will be cooked for 2-3 minutes (or more), till tender.
I blanch the leaves about 2 minutes before sautΘing. Otherwise, it reminds me too much of the grass growing in my front yard.
Absolutely agree with previous review. Garlic is a must. I'm married to a Brazilian-his mother taught me this dish.
I don't have to make it to know that it's no good--where's the garlic?! In Brazil there's always be lots of it, either finely minced or smashed.I was really hoping for a heavier, more bread-y bread pudding. This is much more of a custard, which is okay, but not what I wanted. And it's not even a terrific custard, at that.
A basic bread pudding recipe, simple to prepare. I was out of currants and used 1 cup of raisins instead. I added vanilla and sprinkled extra cinnamon on top. This was definitely better served cold. My 17 year old daughter liked it a lot.I thought this was excellent! I used medium hard tofu (I don't think I would have liked the soft tofu). Other than that, I would not change a thing.
I thinkyou would be better off marinating the tofu ahead of time if you want to cube it.
i make tofu "scramble" in breakfast burritos all the time and thought i'd look for a twist on what i usually do, but this looks so bland! what i usually do is finely mince onion. saute it, then add chopped mushrooms, the pepper, garlic, and some chopped artichoke hearts and spinach if you want. saute until the veggies are sort of cooked and add crumbled tofu. season with enough turmeric to turn the tofu a light yellow colour (1/2-3/4 tsp??), salt and pepper to taste, chili flakes, and some dried or fresh basil. yum yum yum. then you can eat as is or put in a burrito with some salsa, guacamole, or whatever.
This is a very healthful and very easy dish. Other than that, I don't have too much good to say. It was totally bland.
I took the suggestion of the cook from Arlington, VA and used 1/2 of the recommended oil. I did not have green onions, so I followed the rest of the recipe as is. It was yummy. The leftover filling was great over polenta the next day!
This is a great dish. I used about 1/2 of the recommended oil and added green onions. Yum!A pancake mix?? I don't spend my precious time on Epicurious looking for recipes with ready made mixes and all their "extra" ingredients, names which I can't pronounce.
Lame. Nothing original here. We don't need a recipe that tells us how to make pancakes from a box and eat them with eggs and bacon.
How is this a recipe? This is just how to use pancake mix. And how can it be new if it is from Oct 2004?
This is not a recipe. This is how to use a box pancake mix to make breakfast. Let's differentiate between following directions on a box and a recipe. This is ridiculous.
yummy
IT WAS SO GOOD, I DIED.
it was goodI prepared this recipe for a party I threw this past weekend and they were the favoured of the hors d'oeuvres. Admittedly, they were a little bland in flavour. I used a little more saffron in the preparation that was cooked for. Excellent overall however.
I used the cups from this recipe and filled them with apricot rosemary chutney (also on this site).I placed the brie on the chutney and topped with a toasted almond sliver then baked. They were fantastic.
To make this recipe much easier, buy frozen phyllo barques (boats) and fill according to the recipe. Preparation time is about 30 minutes and the results are the same.
Not outrageously good like many recipes here. But good enough. Don't buy the phyllo cups prebaked.
I have made these about 4 times now and you really have enjoy that dull taste of saffron to enjoy these. While it's a nice easy dish, I think I will move onto better dishes to make that have some flavor more appealing.
I made these tartlets for a New Year's Eve crowd, who look forward to my cooking surprises. SURPRISE! These were heavy, and dull tasting, as well as time consuming. After some thought we were able to jazz them up by topping with a dash of hot sauce!
this is a very good recipe. but you can buy the phyllo cups and make this a very easy appetizer the phyllo cups can be purchased a euro bestI have made this many, many times. Love it! It is so refreshing to munch on or as a side dish for lunch. I always let it "pickle" a little longer according to my tastes. It's not extremely strong, but just a clean, refreshing dish.
I was trying this as a pickle dish rather than a salad, but with that said, I still wouldn't make it again. Very bland and boring. If you're looking for pickled veggies, try the pickled carrot recipie - MUCH better... http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/recipe_views/views/108763
I just couldn't get passed this salad not having any vinegar in it. I tried the recipe as written and added a splash of apple cider vinegar afterwords as it was too bland. Once I did that, though, it was both pretty and yummy.
Must disagree with the previous reviewer. This was so refreshing, and an excellent accomopaniment to the quick choucroute garnie at this site. Not complicated or highly seasoned, but it brought out the best in the fresh ingredients.
I hate to post a negative review of this pretty salad, but I made it tonight and it's rather bland. Not sure what it could use but I'm not investing the time to try it again.Well, I truly thought I would love this, but I made the mistake of trying it with the broccoli rather than broccoli rabe. The broccoli just did not cook properly this way. I imagine the recipe would work well as originally intended with broccoli rabe.
Delicious and easy. Anchovies give the dish a wonderfully nutty flavor. No need for salt or bread crumbs, IMO.
The broccoli rabe was a bit bitter, but that's the way it's supposed to taste. I loved the flavor of the garlicky-anchovy oil that it was cooked in. I think it would be great to toss this with pasta or serve with crusty bread.
My husband and I love this recipe, however not being a huge fan of broccoli rabe, I always use broccolini (baby broccoli). I saute the toasted bread crumbs in a pan with butter, as well.
This was definiely not a winner amongst my friends. A disappoinment!
Mediocre. The broccoli rabe was bitter despite the blanching and the overall flavor nothing exciting. Might be good for a quick dinner vegetable, but not for Christmas.
This was delicious and not difficult. Don't skip the bread crumbs - they make the dish. I used broccoli rather than rabe, as none was available. Rabe would be even better, I think. Do spare me the rant on anchovies, though. I don't have the kitchen staff to ever consider making my own. Get real, please.I really liked the idea of this dish. Instead of just putting the lemon zest, red pepper flakes and oil over the steamed broccoli, I heated up the oil in a pan and toasted up the red pepper flakes and lemon zest and then threw in the broccoli for a quick sear in the delicious, now flavored oil. Not quite as flavorful as I was hoping for, but worth trying again.
A refreshing recipe! Will definitely make again! Paired with the roasted red potates with lemon.
This was OK. Most of the family didn't care for the lemon on the broccoli, and the little bit of red pepper I did put in was too much for the kids. I put a bunch more on mine and it still didn't give it much flavor. This is coming from a family full of broccoli lovers!
This is a good weeknight meal - quick, tasty and inexpensive. We used whole-wheat pasta (to make it healthier) and added chicken (to make it more substantial). I will make it again no doubt.
Tried it the way they suggested, was lacking something. Used the same ingredients, but stir fried instead of steamed,added a little lemon juice in last minute of cooking,and lemon zest after cooking improved flavor for me
I also thought it was lacking something so I added roasted sesame seeds to round out the flavour. And a very good idea it was. I'm going to use that with more vegetable recipes.
I'm not wild about the flavour, but it DOES make my ho-hum broccoli taste like an entirely new vegetable. And that's exciting... isn't it?
NICE CHANGE, COMBINING BROCCOLI WITH LEMON ZEST AND RED PEPPER FLAKES. (SOMETHING WE HAVE A LOT OF HERE!). BEATS BOG STANDARD STEAMING OR SMOTHERING WITH A CHEESE SAUCE ONCE IN A WHILE.
I agree with Toronto cook: it needs something. I didn't want to add too much red pepper - I wanted taste not fire - so I added 2-3 tbs of lemon juice. After that, with liberal salt, it was very good.
This dish unfortunately just did not have much flavour despite the lemon and hot pepper flakes. Good old steamed broccoli with S&P is just as good.I used broccolini instead of broccoli, since I think it makes a nicer presentation. I followed the recipe but added about a half teaspoon of truffle paste when I reheated the mixture. It was delicious, and the truffle paste defined the mushroominess of what otherwise would have been a rather dull dish.
I agree with the other reviewers. It turned out a bit bland; nothing special. The concept was good but the dish was not outstanding.
This was a delicious recipe that I made for Thanksgiving dinner.....everyone raved about it and even enjoyed it as leftovers the next day! I think one of the key points was that I used white wine (which I heated up) to reconstitute the porcini mushrooms, which only took about 10 mins; then used the reserved liquid in the recipe....
I love broccoli and mushrooms, so this was right up my alley. If you think this is bland, add a tablespoon of Oyster Sauce to the mushroom mix. This doesn't make it taste Asian, just brings out the mushroom flavor. I also steamed the broccoli in chicken broth rather than boiling it. This might have helped.
Just plain dull. If you want to use broccoli & mushrooms like this, go for it, but add some balsamic vinagrette, or else a sesame dressing.
This is a great dish with lots of different flavors,could be a meal on it's own
I love recipes with wild mushrooms which is why I tried this. Blah! It lacked flavor and interest.I loved this recipe. I cut the slices thin as directed - yes it made a lot - and did not salt or drain the slices. I broiled them on a roasting pan, so any excess liquid dripped through. Next time I might use a little less red pepper and low sodium soy sauce, but I will definitely make it again.
I looked at the recommendations from the reviews. I cut my eggplant into large chunks, salted it with sea salt about a half hour prior to marinating. I then marinated it per the recipe and broiled. It was amazing. It would make an excellent side dish for any meal.
This recipe is bomb. I feel sorry for those reviewers who did not find this to be a great way to prepare eggplant. It is important to pay attention to the two reviewers who identified two errors in the recipe. The eggplant slices are 1/2 inch thick not 1/8th ast written and you must salt and drain the eggplant for at least 30 minutes before broiling. I served this with the Pork Tenderloin with Mango Chutney on this site from Bon Appetit 1999. Wonderful melding of flavors on one plate.
rather than slice the eggplant, i just cut into chunks. the marinade was incredible and could be used for chicken. My boyfriend even loved it!
I was confued by the reviews of this recipe becasue I have made it many times and served it with the salmon burgers with spinach and ginger. It is a perfect combination. I noticed that there was a typing error in the online recipe. The eggplant is to be slice 1/2 inch thick not 1/8 inch.
I wish I read these reviews before preparing the eggplant. I had to revisit this site b/c I was confused with the number of slices I got...try 30! Sure enough the recipe did in fact say to cut them that thin and yet only get 8. Then I read the reviews and don;t think the recipe is even worth a shot! Now I have a batch of paper thin slices of eggplant marinating and no idea what to do with them to salvage them from this seemingly disasterous recipe.
This recipe is MISSING a key step for ANY recipe using Eggplant! You MUST first cut/slice the eggplant, then salt the eggplant for a minimum of 30 minutes, then rinse off the salt. This gets rid of the eggplant bitterness. I think the author made the mistake of assuming that everyone knows this!
Thank you, everybody, for saving me from the utter disaster of giving an eggplant recipe to my boyfriend's perfectionist mother, and having it turn out so heinously. For this reason, I love this website.
Inedible.
I concur! This was awful! This recipe should be disbarred from this website.
This was a horrible, horrible, horrible mistake for a recipe. I followed the recipe to the letter. My results: A salty, chard, mushy, and mostly untouched by my dinner guests, side-dish. I find it hard to believe that anyone would ever prepare this dish for a second time.
I agree. You would have to have a very large baking dish or keep rotating them in and out of the oven. More marinade and smaller slices. I will stick to grilled eggplant. This was awful
I had to throw the whole thing away. It was the worst eggplant recipe I had ever tried.
I have little experience handling eggplant, so I followed the recipe to the letter. The result was almost a complete disaster. The soy sauce taste was the only distinct one I could detect. Where was the eggplant?
First of all, it is impossible to get 8 1/8 in. slices from a medium eggplant. Mine were cut 1/4-1/2in. and I got 10. I doubled all the ingredients in the sauce,added 1Tb olive oil & marinated for 3 hours and still didn't get much flavor even with basting. Perhaps if I cut them smaller they would have absorbed more flavor. But they were good on a sandwich w/ mozzarella and roasted peppers.This was tasty and easy, and I'll make it again. I used honey yogurt rather than creme fraiche, but I think anything that is a bit tart would work.
Simple and delicious. Creme fraiche is a very nice accompaniment.My Mom always roasted our Thanksgiving turkey in a paper grocery bag. But, she was told there were chemicals used in the making of the paper bags, which could leach into the food. So she stopped using them. With the amount of chemicals already in our food, I don't think I would use this method.
This recipe really made me curious. Unfortunately I was disappointed. My whole house smelled and still smells like toasted paper sack. The chicken also was not as moist as I hoped for and it didn't have any flavor. It sounded great in theory.
Why would want to use a bag of any kind? There's nothing more important than using a thermometer when cooking the perfect chicken. I use a probe that has the digital information displayed outside the oven.
I agree with other reviewers that a brown bag may not be any safer than cooking bags made of plastic. I have never needed to use anything other than salt, pepper, sprigs of rosemary and a fine coating of olive oil, yes, olive oil, and I get a beautifully golden brown bird. As another reviewer stated, bags were in vogue because we didn't have continuous clean, self-cleaning or oven cleaners. Forget the bag and enjoy roasting the old fashioned way.
I agree with other reviewers that a brown bag may not be any safer than cooking bags made of plastic. I have never needed to use anything other than salt, pepper, sprigs of rosemary and a fine coating of olive oil, yes, olive oil, and I get a beautifully golden brown bird. As another reviewer stated, bags were in vogue because we didn't have continuous clean, self-cleaning or oven cleaners. Forget the bag and enjoy roasting the old fashioned way.
I agree with other reviewers that a brown bag may not be any safer than cooking bags made of plastic. I have never needed to use anything other than salt, pepper, sprigs of rosemary and a fine coating of olive oil, yes, olive oil, and I get a beautifully golden brown bird. As another reviewer stated, bags were in vogue because we didn't have continuous clean, self-cleaning or oven cleaners. Forget the bag and enjoy roasting the old fashioned way.
I have to agree with the other comments. I pulled this from a public health department that references the USDA. Brown paper bags for cooking... Here's what the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) says about this practice: "Do not use brown paper bags from grocery or other stores for cooking. They are not sanitary, may cause a fire, and can emit toxic fumes. Intense heat may cause a bag to ignite, causing a fire in the oven... . The ink, glue, and recycled materials in paper bags can emit toxic fumes when they are exposed to heat. Instead, use purchased oven cooking bags." www.fsis.usda.gov/OA/pubs/altroute.htm USDA also advises, "These bags may not necessarily be sanitary, particularly since they may be stored under a variety of conditions." www.fsis.usda.gov/oa/pubs/meatpack.htm
I have to agree with the other comments. I pulled this from a public health department that references the USDA. Brown paper bags for cooking... Here's what the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) says about this practice: "Do not use brown paper bags from grocery or other stores for cooking. They are not sanitary, may cause a fire, and can emit toxic fumes. Intense heat may cause a bag to ignite, causing a fire in the oven... . The ink, glue, and recycled materials in paper bags can emit toxic fumes when they are exposed to heat. Instead, use purchased oven cooking bags." www.fsis.usda.gov/OA/pubs/altroute.htm USDA also advises, "These bags may not necessarily be sanitary, particularly since they may be stored under a variety of conditions." www.fsis.usda.gov/oa/pubs/meatpack.htm
I have to agree with the other comments. I pulled this from a public health department that references the USDA. Brown paper bags for cooking... Here's what the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) says about this practice: "Do not use brown paper bags from grocery or other stores for cooking. They are not sanitary, may cause a fire, and can emit toxic fumes. Intense heat may cause a bag to ignite, causing a fire in the oven... . The ink, glue, and recycled materials in paper bags can emit toxic fumes when they are exposed to heat. Instead, use purchased oven cooking bags." www.fsis.usda.gov/OA/pubs/altroute.htm USDA also advises, "These bags may not necessarily be sanitary, particularly since they may be stored under a variety of conditions." www.fsis.usda.gov/oa/pubs/meatpack.htm
People, grow up, and stop insulting the chef --- in the South, we've been cooking proteins and even apple pie in paper bags for generations, and no one has died from it yet. We're more likely to die from the heat and humidity. We Southerners drain our fried foods on paper bags, as well. Haven't read an obituary concerning that one either. You should be more concerned about the mystery ingredients you're feeding your kids in Happy Meals at McDonalds, than about getting all bent out of shape over a silly paper bag.
The reason your Momma used a bag was to keep her oven clean from spattering fat. Now a days with self cleaning, there's no need for the bag. The aroma of a roasting chicken is enough to trigger memories of better days.
At the suggestion of my roommate I tried this (not having seen this recipe or reviews)and the smell of the paper bag in the oven was horrible! Usually a chicken baking smells incredible. It never occurred to me about the chemicals. Good thing my roommate ate most of it.
This is an interesting thread on the chemicals in the paper bags. I have had success with roasting on a vertical frame. I do want to try this recipe, and I will try it using cooking parchment paper, which I am more comfortable using with my food.
I've made oven roasted chicken for years and have never found a need to use a plastic or paper bag. It gets moist on its own. The Hungarian paprika sounds like an interesting touch, though.
I agree with the other two comments, EEEEKKK!! Chemicals in bags -no way I will do that!! I just had to add my comment for this bag recipe even though I don't' normally leave comments for recipes I have not tried. For a much safer way too cook chicken try this recipe on this site the method works well it's called "My Favorite Simple Roast Chicken" Recipe is by renowned Chef 'Thomas Keller'.
Forget the bag. Just roast in an open pan at 480f for 50-60 mins. The skin will crisp up and you can do away with all the chemicals in the bag, paper or plastic!
I was thinking the same thing as the San Francisco cook! Who knows what is in those bags as they are not created for cooking!
Just make sure you can find a brown paper bag that does not have any chemicals in it. They all do now and, yuk, who wants that in their food!Always a big hit for guests. You need to use really good ice cream!
I made this for a "picnic" themed party (I left off the sauce). The brownies were a breeze to make and were nice and moist. If you use salted butter, decrease the salt in the recipe to 1/2 teaspoon. I bought a square container of ice cream and sliced it to fit. This was MUCH easier than softening and spreading.
Delicious and can be made ahead of time. A little time consuming. But if you have the time why not? Kids will appreciate.
There were too many steps for a finished product that was only so-so.Cherries and chocolate -- a classic combo. Great for weeknights!
I agree, I lost my Job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I agree, totally disgusting
I think it looks delicious and even though it is a simple recipe,it gives me knew ideas for dessert, everything does not have to be a special recipe, just a recipe for a delicious dessert I have never thought to make....
Why have this recipe up at all?While this recipe is simple, it is not worth the effort. I found there was too much onion, and not enough flavour. I added salt and pepper without noticing this recipe doesn't call for it, it should. There was too much pasta for the amount of veggies, and the flavour was basic. I agree with other reviewers it needs feta, but why waste it on a mediocre recipe? Two forks for simplicity.
I enjoyed this salad. I fixed it as the recipe reads, with the exception I used a regular onion (not a red one - as I didn't have a red onion). Anyway, my husband and I both liked it. I think, however, that maybe a little bit of salt and pepper, and maybe instead of a red onion, use some green onion instead of a red onion, and add some olives. Also I think maybe some artichoke hearts would be good too.... :)
I've never made this recipe as printed, but I think it's a great place to start. First, I made about 3/4 of the perscribed quantity of orzo (the full quantity makes it too bland). I left out the zucchini and added Feta cheese, which added to the overall flavour. It keeps very well, and I love it for lunch during the week.
Why on earth is this called "Bruschetta" orzo salad??? According to the dictionary on this site, here's the definition: bruschetta [broo-SKEH-tah, broo-SHEH-tah] From the Italian bruscare meaning "to roast over coals," this traditional garlic bread is made by rubbing slices of toasted bread with garlic cloves, then drizzling the bread with extra-virgin olive oil. The bread is salted and peppered, then heated and served warm.
I left out the zucchini and added some extra red onion - about 20% more. I also added sliced Kalamata olives and feta cheese. With a few modifications, this salad turned out great.
A good place to start - agree with other reviewers, it needs some salt and pepper. I also tasted and then added some sliced greek olives and some chopped sun dried tomatoes. Next time I will add some feta cheese (after the pasta has cooled sufficiently.
Very boring, not worth the space.
I tried this recipe and was disappointed. It had too high a pasta/vegetable ratio, and it didn't have much zest to it. Perhaps it would improve with more vegetables and perhaps some feta cheese.
Nice dish for summer, but it definitely needed salt.
This dish was just ok. Typical pasta salad with balsamic vinaigrette, nothing special.
Wonderful flavors but I found that it needed some salt.As written, the recipe doesn't work, the teaspoon of cayenne pepper is indeed a dealbreaker. Forewarned is forearmed, however, and reducing the red pepper to taste yields a tasty, versatile bean sauce that can be served over or under polenta, pasta, or, as written here, scooped out and served on good frenchbread with prosciutto and herbs. We had it tonight served in bowls with some creamy polenta spooned over the top. We'll use the leftover bean sauce to make the bruschetta tomorrow.
Hugely disappointing! This recipe is terrible in an all-around way - a teaspoon is WAY too much cayenne for this dish, the vinegar overwhelms the leeks and beans, and it is nearly an inedible dish that I will never make again.In my opinion the combination of Endive and Radicchio was just too bitter. I've made it as part of my Christmas dinner, and no one even bother to finish it. Plus the tartness of the lemon juice didn't help cut down the bitterness of the endive or the radicchio. If you like something bitter, this is the salad for you. If not... I suggest you skip it or perhaps substitute the endive for a tender lettuce ie; Boston lettuce.
The dish was OK served cold. I think it would be better served as a hot vegetable without the greens underneath.
This was very good--made it for Thanksgiving and everyone (even the non-Brussels sprouts fans) really liked it.
THIS IS A PLEASANT CHANGE AND PROVIDES INTERESTING COLOR TO THE MEAL. TRY ADDING CHICK PEAS.
Everyone disliked the endive, so either I bought the wrong kind, or we just don't like it. The brussels sprouts and dressing were excellent, though, and it has been requested for Christmas dinner this year, with different greens or on it's own. Very tasty.
It's almost impossible to beat the taste of browned butter on brussel sprouts, but this comes close, and seems healthier. Any recipe that can be made ahead of time earns extra credit in my book
A good dish for Thanksgiving. It's easy (preparation can be done in advance), colorful and delicious.I like this recipe and added 1/2 teaspoon of ground fennel seed along with the salt and pepper. I used chicken broth instead of water, as one reviewer suggested and found this dish very tasty.
This was so-so. I had to use more oil and water while cooking the sprouts to prevent them from burning. I quartered the Brussels sprouts.
Save your time! I love Brussels sprouts but this is not good. Tasted like grass to me. (Not the kind you smoke!) It just did not work.
The taste of this dish was ok, but the color was awful. The brussels sprouts, once shredded and cooked, were a murky green, and the balsamic vinegar didn't help matters.
Finally, the perfect way to serve this delicious vegetable on an elegant table. I may use chicken or vegetable broth in place of water the next time. Cook a little longer and don't bother to core them. This would be awesome as a filler in an eggroll.
This will definitely be a regular side dish! Really delicious!!!
My boyfriend hated brussel sprouts until he tasted this recipe...very tasty. I'd suggest using flavored balsamic vinegar - we have a fig and meyer lemon balsamic vinegar that really made this dish delicious.
This dish was pretty tasty. I'd say it makes 4 medium-sized side dishes.This was too decadent for the end of a rich holiday meal. I followed lots of reviewer's suggestions, like sprinkling both sides of the towel with sugar, only cool cake for 15 mins, and used half semi-sweet and half bittersweet chocolate. I also put a vanilla glaze on the cake. It was realatively easy to assemble, and I did like the cake, but the chocolate was way too much and heavy. I can't imagine using all bittersweet. Most people took two bites of mine, and ate all of the lemon meringue cake that was served. I also spent a lot of money on good chocolaate to make this, and it just ended up going in the garbage. Next year I would make the cake recipe, but look for a lighter filling and topping. I too forgot to add the cinnamon, but didn't miss it.
This was my first attempt and it was easy to do. I'm willing to try a more challenging recipe in the future because of my experience with this. The video on how to roll a jelly roll cake was what clinched it for me. That was what had always kept me from trying to make a jelly roll cake. I did a chocolate whipped cream filling and added a little orange extract to the frosting. All my friends loved it, the bittersweet chocolate kept the cake from being too sweet. I'll make it again, just to make sure I can.
Mediocre at best, probably good for a novice cook looking for a showpiece or something but nothing special. The recipe iself was fairly easy to follow with good results, it just didn't taste like anything special so I'm going to keep looking for a great buche de noel recipe. Definately use a liquor simple syrup otherwise it is way too dry.
I think it calls for too much bitter sweet chocolate and semi sweet would have been better. It scorched while melting in the cream and next time I will use the microwave to heat it. The cake worked beautifully for me. I moistened the cake with Grand Marnier (that's what I had) and used currant jelly I had just made as a filling (idea from an old recipe I have from France). Had to beat the filling in the electric mixer to get it smooth and a little fluffy. It was easy to finish, to make "bark". I just went out in the yard and got some holly to decorate and did not use the phoney stuff. It looked beautiful on a try and brought a high price at a benefit auction. By the way, waxed paper was fine in lieu of parchment. I used a jelly roll pan. This recipe did not seem as daunting as most so I was not intimidated and went ahead and did it. I am glad I did.
Worked very well the first time, but I slightly altered the cake recipe. Used about 1 cup flour plus 3 TBS cocoa and 1/2 cup ground toasted almonds. Batter was then a bit too stiff, so I added an extra whole egg before folding in egg whites. Cooked perfectly at 10 min. Filled the cake with a butter cream mixed with almond paste. Drizzled the cake well with a simple syrup flavored with almond syrup, which also keeps cake from cracking when you roll it. The basic cake IS dry, but excellent for flavoring with syrups. Topped it with a chocolate icing recipe from FoodTV because I did not have chestnut puree. The final result was wonderful, will make it again next Christmas, maybe with hazelnut flavorings.
This is my second time making this buche de noel, and it definitely was easier the second time around. Do as others suggest and only cool the cake 15 minutes. Also, put confectioner's sugare on both sides of the dish towel so you don't have any sticking. This makes a very striking Christmas dinner dessert!
Disaster! 8-10 minutes was not nearly long enough in the oven. I'm wondering if it was because I used an insulated pan? Perhaps the wrong size as well. Anyway, the cake was ruined as it was still liquid on the bottom when I took it out of the oven (at 11 minutes) and flipped it over. Be VERY careful!!! Taste (of the baked part) was very eggy and spongy, but that should come as no surprise by looking at the ingredients.
This recipe is simply mediocre. Of all the wonderful buche de noel recipes out there, why waste time on this one. The cake is spongy, the filling uninteresting and adding insult to injury, finishing the cake with the same filling... I agree with the other reviewer regarding the author, hew recipes are questionable, a little to aloof and unprofessional.
I'm surfing for Buche de Noel recipes and I must say that even though I haven't made the cake yet, I must disagree with M. Denegar, who says she cannot follow the recipe. I read through it and it is completely clear. The over reviewers give it high marks..sounds like the disgrunted cook is in the minority\...and with some apparent ax to grind!
I was disappointed in the cake recipe. I followed the directions exactly, even baked it a slightly shorter amount, but the cake came out very spongy. The flavor was good, but most of my guests ate the frosting and filling and left the cake behind. I won't make it again.
The recipe was not difficult to make but the directions were less than clear. I had to cross-reference this recipe with a few others to understand fully the authors' intentions. I have had several disappointments using this food writers' recipes in the past, and, had I first looked to see whose recipe this was, I wouldn't have bothered! I do not recommend this recipe to anyone interested in a satisfying result!!
I made this for the first time in 1998. It is now a Christmas Eve family tradition. I find it easy to make and very impressive (I decorate with fresh holly leaves and berries) I forgot the cinnamon this year (the recipe doesn't say when to add it) and it was still good.
For my 9th grade English project I had to make some French recipes. Everyone loved this cake and I got extra credit and was on closed circuit tv.
While the flavors in this cake were good, I don't think this recipe is good for a novice baker. The cake was underdone and two of us had to try to get it back into the pan and cook it for another 8+minutes. (my oven is usually on the hot side, I cook most recipes only to the shortest time). I was also unclear on which part was the filling and which was the frosting and switched them. Maybe if I hadn't the cake would have been moister. It turned out pretty and most folks liked it, but I didn't think it was worth all the time involved.
This is really, really good. It takes a while (1hr+), but it got RAVE reviews at christmas eve. Use MOST (not all) of the filling on the cake; and don't worry, the chestnut frosting you make is enough for the whole thing. I let the cake cool for 20mins out of the oven, and the inside swirl cracked just a little let it rest for 15 and you'll be fine. Also, try semisweet for the filling, it might help, but it was great anyways. highly reccomended!!This recipe involved alot of work and flavorwise was a disappointment. The buckwheat flavor overwhelmed the delicate chive butter which would have been much better over egg noodles.This is the first poor review I have ever given a dish here at Epicurious. Usually I love their recipes, but this one just didn't work for me. I love all the ingredients and on paper it sounds great, but in practice, the star anise clashed with the balsamic. The end result was too acidic for me. I wound up adding a bunch of honey and still don't care for it.
Excellent dish for my first time preparing/eating buffalo! I made a few adjustments to avoid running back to the store - no star anise, but I put in just a pinch of ground allspice instead, and I served the meat and onions over a half of an english muffin with olive oil and rubbed with garlic since I didn't have bread. This dish, and buffalo, will defintely be making an appearance again!
Loved the confit - personally think buffalo is best when ground into hamburgers.I wasn't a big fan of this dish. The texture and appearance were both unappealing, and there was something off about the flavors. I added a few other spices, but that didn't help much. Definitely would not make this again, and probably will end up throwing out the leftovers.
Not great. The texture was not ideal. And the spices really didn't meld into the other ingredients. Made it with the recommended chicken dish and used the pan juices from the chicken as suggested.
I think the texture of the dish could be greatly improved by using more lentils and less bulgur. Half and half perhaps.
Gummy. I did exactly what the recipe said and got a gluey mass of well-formed lentils and bulgur. The seasonings were OK, but the texture was undesirable.
Mmmmm, that was great! I made some adjustments due to my circumstances (I halved the recipe and added some chopped flat leaf parsley and blanched'n'diced tomatoes at the very end). It came out delicious. Next time I will make the full portion, and I am sure it'll be gone quickly:) Great flavour in this dish.
A really nice dish, and a good accompaniment for the Chicken with caramelised onions, too. Easy, and very tasty as leftovers. A keeper.
this dish is very simple but at the same time very delicious.My children ask for it.Very nutritional too...A very simple way of using bulgur which is just what I was looking for having never used it. I did zazz it up some with a teaspoon of curry powder because I was in that kind of mood, but this seems like a solid "foundation" recipe that you can play with very easily which I appreciate.
Nice change from rice. Didn't have scallions so just sauted a bit of onion and toasted the bulgur in olive oil, gave it a nice nutty flavor.
This is a good, basic recipe. I usually don't doctor recipes the first time around, but I needed an Asian side dish and couldn't find one that wouldn't require me to run to the store. So, I used this recipe as a base and swapped in sesame oil for the olive oil and soy sauce for the salt. It was low-key but good and very simple to throw together.
Better than the other (more complicated) bulgur recipes that I have tried from this website. I think what I liked was the simplicty of its flavors. But, it's still not quite what I an hoping for, so I'll keep searching ...This one definitely could use a few modifications, but came out really quite nice. After reading the previous two reviews, I took a few tips, but ultimately kept it simple. Decrease the molasses to ╜ cup and increase butter by one tablespoon to compensate for the loss of moisture. Chop the ginger as the recipe says, but to the cream add 1 to 2 tablespoons of sugar (or more if you like it sweeter) and one tablespoon of brandy. I ended by brushing the top with some more brandy AND lightly dusting it with confectioners sugar. Nothing but compliments on this unique dessert. A definite success!
I have been a long- time subscriber to Gourmet and have never made anything from the magazine I thought was awful - until now. I was expecting a spice cake or gingerbread cake. It's neither. The cake has a molasses aftertaste - no spice, just molasses.The whipped cream filling is dull - needs to be sweetened. I tried it both original recipe and with turbinado sugar. Didn't add much improvement. I won't bother even trying to doctor this one. Not worth it.
Made this for a dinner party and my guests LOVED it because of it's uniqueness, especially the Roulade. After cooling in the pan I left on parchment paper and covered with plastic wrap and was still able to fill and roll the next day. Whipping cream and adding chunks of candied ginger seemed strange as it would be chewy and the cream would not be flavored. Instead I heated ginger in 1/4 cup water until just boiling, drained and cooled. Then added ginger with 3/4 cup heavy cream to food processor and 1/4 cup french brandy. Place in refridgerator to cool. Then whip 1 cup heavy cream with 1/2 to 3/4 cup sugar depending on how sweet you like it. Then add cooled ginger puree to whipping cream. Spread on roulade and roll it up. I skipped the confectioner's sugar and brushed outside with more brandy. Let it chill for about an hour in fridge.Even with a pretested candy themometer this did not set right but did have a smooth flavor. I was planning on gifting these during the holiday season but couldnt cause the presentation and overall consistency was not there. Darn. I did eat the whole pan anyway, it was a sacafice LOL.
I am a very experienced candy maker with a digital thermometer. I made this recipe exactly according to directions, and just like almost everyone else the result was closer to a praline than a caramel after a few hours. I tried reboiling some of it with some corn syrup and it turned back into caramel, albeit a sauce. One thing it did have was great flavor. I used Pusser's Navy Rum. It's the ONLY dark rum I know that actually maintains great flavor in recipes. I recommend trying it instead of Goslings, Myers, et al. I'm not going to waste good ingredients on this one again.
Hey, call them what you will--butterscotch, caramel, praline...They are delicious. Some turn a little grainy, but the majority are slick and smooth. We love them!
I followed the recipe exactly. Caramel came out very soft, but tasty. By the next day, they were grainy just like a praline. So I told people that's what they were. They ate them anyway..and loved them. I may or may not make them again.
I added cinnamon with the extra rum and vanilla. Turns out, this is NOT a caramel recipe. It's would be more correctly called a butterscotch recipe with the brown sugar, low temp, and butter all added in from the start. Sugar caramelizes at 320 degrees F but this recipe calls for cooking the sugar only to 248 (firm ball). Next time I will find a real caramel recipe where the butter, rum and cream get added after the sugar is caramizled in water...
Here is some research I found on making caramels: "best made with 100% or some amount of pure, white granulated cane sugar, which will be clearly marked on the label. Brown sugar contains impurities that prevent caramelization, but you'll still see it in some recipes...Stir with wooden spatula or spoon over medium-low heat until sugar dissolves...occasionally brushing down sides of pan with wet pastry brush. It is essential that all sugar completely dissolves before the sugar comes to a boil. This includes the sugar crystals that cling to the sides of the pan, otherwise the mixture will crystallize once it boils, turning the caramel gritty." Reviewers who complain of a gritty texture probably heated the mixture to a boil to quickly. Hope this helps others with success!
The flavor was really yummy, but mine also turned into a grainy, sugary, new orleane praline texture (also like maple sugar candy). But the flavor was so good I'd like to try again. I may stop cooking a few degrees short of 248 next time. In my Fannie Farmer cookbook, it also says to constantly wash down the sides of the pan with a wet pastry brush to prevent sugar crystals, which can turn the whole thing sugary. (This vaguely makes sense from what I remember in high school chemistry.) Does anyone else have tips on making caramels or candy? Oh -- also, I had no rum so I used Maker's Mark bourbon instead, and it was YUMMY.
The way to make this more "gooey" is to finish at a lower temperature than the recipe is calling for. Another caramel recipe in this website calls for finishing at 242 degrees F, which is soft and chewy, and you're not supposed to stir at the end. That's what's possibly making this recipe crumbly.
Disappointing--too sweet, not gooey enough, with barely a memory of the rum flavor. It's also too dry and crumbly (as several other reviewers have commented). I'm going to guess that part of the problem is the absence of granulated sugar. A stab at revising the recipe to the flavor and consistency I expected would be 1 c brown sugar, 1 c granulated, and 5-6 T butter. To increase the gooeyness and accentuate the rum flavor you could probably replace some of the brown sugar with molasses, too. But I'm not sure I feel like wasting any more ingredients to find out whether it would work.
I was so proud of my homemade caramel. While it was still warm, I put it on apples and it was delicious. After three hours, it was turning to sugar on the bottom. By the time I made my turtles and ate one, the caramel was completely sugar -- like a New Orleans praline. I obviously need more instruction! I've found some other recipes that I'll try next time.
These were amazing (I don't think I'm sharing with anyone who doesn't live with me and already knows about them).
I'm also at high altitude, so I checked my trusty Joy of Cooking on that - they say subtract one degree from the final temperature for every 500 feet above sea level, which I followed exactly. (i.e. I'm at 2000 feet, so I cooked it to 4 degrees less than directed.) Mine ended up a bit on the soft side, but were still quite acceptable. And tasty!
I made this recipe exactly as written and it came out perfect. I make candy quite often and found this recipe very quick and easy. I cut it into bite size pieces and wrapped them in waxed paper wrappers. Tip: Make sure your thermometer is calibrated or better yet, use a digital thermometer. This will help avoid some of the problems that other reviewers had.
These are super easy and very tasty. Everyone I gave samples to LOVED them! I made these twice in the same weekend. The first batch turned out more like taffy, as mentioned by the other reviewer but I thought it was because I let them cool, uncovered, all night before cutting them. My husband loved them this way! The second batch I did not cook to as high a temperature so they were much chewier. The only problem was that half of it was perfect and the other half gritty. My grandmother could have eyeballed it and told me what I did wrong.
Did not waiver from recipe and watched temperature very closely. Had to freeze caramels to cut them and when I plated them, they pooled into one giant blob. Not sure what could have happened but not something I'd make again.
I thought it came out too soft and kind of gritty, I'm going to try it again, though. Any ideas how to make it more firm?
I was expecting these to be soft and chewy, but mine hardened to more of a toffee consistency. Maybe 248 degrees is too high for someone living in a "high altitude" area. Any suggestions?
Just a question before making these: it doesn't say anything about wrapping them. Do they keep without being individually wrapped?
I made two batches of these and offer them at work. Turns out to be a big hit. For my second batch I used Frangelico instead, and top 64 skinned hazelnuts on top before the caramel cools. You get a double dose of Hazelnut flavor in those.A good, basic beet recipe. The fresh herbs enliven the dish.
The fresh herbs make this beet recipe a keeper. I only cooked 1/3rd of the beets called for in the recipe, but used the called for amounts of all of the rest of the ingredients. The beets were excellent. I also cooked the greens by cutting them into half to one inch pieces and cutting the stems into one to two inch pieces. I used about two tablespoons of butter in a frying pan, added a teaspoon of freshly chopped ginger and sauted them for about 10 minutes, stirring often until tender. No leftovers.I lowered my rating because I don't understand why the directions call for boiling the sprouts. Steaming is a much better way to go when preparing vegetables. That being said, steam the sprouts (fresh only please, frozen--bleh), 8 to 10 minutes as indicated, toss with butter, plenty of kosher salt and pepper. Delicious.
Something that I would like to mention for those who have never cooked brussel sprouts before: Try to find small ones and buy frozen rather than fresh. Maybe it's just us, but my mother and I find that the frozen ones are less bitter, as with the smaller sized ones. Enjoy!
I'm intrigued by Pam Powers' suggestion of shredding the sprouts. Question is: how do you do that? Box grater? Food processor? Thanks for the help!
My favorite way to make brussels sprouts. Make sure to cut a deep X in the bottom of the sprouts so they cook all of the way through. Yum!
I didn't rate this recipe because I was more inspired by the ideas of the reviewers than the original recipe. Based on their ideas I made a dish that was devoured by my family -- especially my 5-year old (which qualifies as a minor miracle). I shredded the brussel sprouts (thanks Pam Powers), sauteed them in butter/garlic/lemon/lemon zest/s+p then added a good splash of cream (thanks Jeanette Stewart). Along with the shredded sprouts I sauteed chopped red bell peper and white onion. This was so fabulous and different, and it was a pretty presentation too. I will absolutely make this again!!!
I loved the idea of pairing the brussel sprouts w/quinoa, but modified the reader's recipe a little bit. I added some toasted pine nuts, used grapeseed oil to saute the red pepper and garlic in, and rather than using whole sprouts, I shredded them, then added them to the peppers and garlic at the very end. As soon as the shredded sprouts were wilted, I added the mix to the quinoa. And my husband loved the greek yogurt idea - so, thank you!
Easiest, should you have a microwave, is to clean the sprouts, making sure to make a cross-cut in the bottom, put in a baking dish, cut cold butter over the sprouts with lots of freshly cracked black pepper, cover and microwave until tender (20 sprouts take about 5 minutes).
Yum. While I was a little put off by the other reviews, I just made this for lunch and it was quite good. The brussel sprouts are a little bitter, but not any more so than broccoli rabe or any other bitter green. My lunch would terrify children, but it's healthy and suprisingly good. After boiling the sprouts, I added them to sauteed garlic and red peppers. Then I added cooked quinoa, salt and pepper and--inspired by the whipping cream in another review--a dollop of greek yogurt to make it more moist. Sounds gross, I know, but I'll have it again.
I didn't rate this recipe because I'm still not certain if it was the recipe or the raw material that wasn't up to par. It's been years since I bought sprouts to cook - they just always seem so bitter. The one's at the market looked so good I thought I'd give them a try and I was looking for a simple recipe just like this one. I took the suggestions of adding minced garlic (most sauteed veggie dishes benefit from this)but it was to no avail! They were still too bitter for me to tolerate. Maybe I'll give them one more try with sprouts still on the stalk from Whole Foods Market-but for now give me green beans!!!
The kids loved this! I boiled them as the recipe suggested. I then made a butter sauce with garlic, lemon juice, lemon zest, whipping cream, salt, pepper, and balsamic. Halfed the sprouts and added them to the sauce and served over pasta with grated parmesan. All of my kids asked me to make it again. Not the overcooked mush I was served as a child! This was a great way to introduce this vegetable to the family. However, I'm sure it would be healthier with olive oil and minus the whipping cream....
I have not tried this recipe. I usually cut them in half. Mix with garlic, olive oil, S&P. Put them in 400 degree oven for about 20 minutes. Broil them for a few min at the end.
To those knocking this "recipe", some of us have never made Brussel Sprouts and have no idea how long to cook them etc. Not all of us are natural cooks, that's why we come to this site.
Add diced bacons strips into the sautee
Recipe is better if you add a little balsamic vinegar and some salt. Otherwise it's a little bland.
Duh. As the first reviewer (Hoboken) says, this isn't a recipe. What the others didnt' understand was that Hoboken was saying, "Who doesn't already know to steam and add butter, or simply sautee in butter?"
Tonight I was in a hurry and needed a way to cook the sprouts I had purchased that didn't require adding bacon, cooking the spouts first, or adding ingredients I didn't have on hand, so I was delighted to find Pam Powers posting for this vegetable, which you can find below. They were delicious and easy, and I'll surely make them this way many more times.
The recipe was accurate as brussel sprouts shouldn't be "doctored up." However, you should add ultra-fine strips of lemon peel. Shredding or leaving them whole is a matter of one's personal preference.
We tried Pam Power's method of stir-frying shredded sprouts and garlic in butter (didn't have any lemon). Yum! Never thought we'd like Brussels sprouts, but these were great.
I don't see what the problem is. You don't always have to gild the lily. Often a simple treatment is what's called for, as when a the meat dish this is to accompany already has a rich complex sauce. This goes great with pork chops with shallots and cranberry glaze, wild rice with mushrooms.
THAT'S a recipe? Give me a break!
I agree that the recipe is too plain as is and agree with the review that says to add lemon and garlic. However, I shred my sprouts instead of cooking them whole and saute' them with the butter, lemon and garlic. A quick stir so that they are crisp-tender makes them wonderful! I've converted many a "non-sprout-eater" with this recipe.
If that's a "recipe," then I should write a cookbook.
I agree that brussel sprouts need more than just butter. I like them with a little lemon juice and dill weed. However, this recipe is called Buttered Brussel Sprouts. What did you people expect?
Plain Jane-add fresh lemon juice and grated parm cheese and salted butter.
I love Brussel Sprouts, but prefer to brown the butter before drizzling over the sprouts.
No kick to the salivary glands with plain butter. try sauteing several cloves of garlic, minced in the butter (Do not brown). Add the juice of 1 lemon to the butter/garlic mixture and pour over sprouts. Adds a nice taste to these small cabbagesit's funny that I seem to be the only person who uses epicurious who knows anyone who is completely lost in the kitchen...My husband would actually need a recipe as simple as this one. I appreciate that Epicurious recognizes the fact that it has a wide range of users. Cooks at both ends of the spectrum should be able to find recipes to suit their skill levels.
What a great recipe!! Tried it on the whole familiy and they were impressed at my new found culinary skills. No doubt, will make again. Going to try just a little less butter next time, maybe a tad more water too. Smiles :-)
ha ha! Vlad that's funny I was thinking the exact same thing. Thanks for a chuckle.
Ahh! This must be some of that new "minimalist gourmet" cooking!
Why in the world would you need a recipe for this.... What's next, toast? Boiled water?I was very disappointed in the sorbet. I will not ever make it again. There are so many wonderful recipes around to choose from, but this one is not one that I will ever try again.
Pretty tasty. Grapefruit cups add nothing but style so can be left out if you are in a hurry. Deep-frying herbs was fun and easy - I may start putting them on everything.
Made this for a small dinner party. Used apricot honey as it was all I had on hand. Paired it with a cantaloupe sorbet, served in frozen grapefruit cups and garnished with mint which made for a wonderful presentation. My guests loved it...finished off the batch. The tanginess of the buttermilk and the sweetness of the honey make for a wonderful combination. Plus, it was SO easy.I've made this recipe a couple of times and think the proportion of ingredients is actually better than the original Blackberry Farm recipe. These biscuits are some of the best I've tasted - they're flaky and tender inside, but maintain integrity and don't crumble. Only biscuits I make now.
conscious of the previous reviewer's comment, i was very careful not to overwork the dough, barely kneading it and going almost straight to the folding. i found that they rose adequately, and the flakiness was outstanding. next time, i will probably try a little more baking soda to see if i can get it to rise more. i might also try an egg glaze for more browning.
I loved the idea of the puff-pastry-like-layered concept for these biscuits, but the pressing out and folding process is repeated so many times that it's virtually impossible to keep from overworking the dough, even when using a very light touch and working very carefully. The final end result was a biscuit with pretty good flavor, but they were a bit heavy and tough, no doubt as a result of the inevitable overhandling. The novelty of the layered affect isn't worth sacrificing that wonderfully light and delicate texture that is so wonderful with many of the other biscuit recipes on this site. I won't bother to make them again.Quick & Easy...Prepare main dish while side is cooking, Viola-Meal in minutes
This was okay, nothing special... until we added sweet potato, then it was out of this world.
The flavor has potential, but this is low-fat masquerading as gourmet. The way the recipe is written the texture etc. is very bad. I put the whole mess in the mixer after I had riced potatoes and buttermilk all over the kitchen and added butter, cream cheese and hot water. The flavor as written is good but the texture was DIET and not faster than the traditional stove-top method. I vote drop the microwave and add some fat.I made this without the crab as an appealing way to use up cucumbers from the garden. The buttermilk and yogurt base was great, and the soup was a lovely green color. However, I didn't like the raw green onions at the end. I used sliced yellow cherry tomatoes and I don't think the crunch of the tomato skin worked with the smoothness of the soup. The fundamentals were so good, I would be willing to revisit this recipe to put together a better vegetarian version.
Refreshing, yes. Tangy, yes. I found the lump of unseasoned crab at the bottom of the bowl a bit bland. But this soup was easy and light--I think I'll use it as inspiration for other buttermilk-based soups.
This is a good chilled soup, and plenty satisfying for us, especially during the week when we are trying to eat light. Grilled shrimp bruschetta was a perfect side dish.
It just isn't satisfying as a soup. I prefer cucumber salad in sour cream to this.
Nice summer soup.
Since I recently have started getting serious about cooking, this was easy to make and inspiring to try other things. I added a little extra crab. We found it to be a satisfying side dish to dinner. I can't wait to make it again now that summer is here.
Simply awesome chilled summer soup!!
Thumbs down. Soup was thin and watery. I found myself adding more and more crabmeat, tomato and onions just so I could get through one small bowl. I wouldn't make it again.This was a real disappointment. The texture was awful and it is very very bland. I will not be making this again. I served it for a Sunday family dinner and it was hardly touched. The leftovers went in the garbage.
Add another 1/2 stick butter. Add 2 Tablespoons baking soda (to the eggs and cream mixture). Add 2 cups roasted pureed sweet poatoes (also to the eggs and cream mixture). Add another 1 teaspoon salt. Now we're talking...
Yum. Easy to make, creamy with a great toasty flavor on top. I cooked it a little longer than called for. Leftovers were GREAT fried in butter and topped with maple syrup for breakfast!
I cooked this with the extra cheese as other reviewers had suggested. That definitely helped, but it still wasn't worth making again (even though it was a very simple dish). The only thing that really gave it some pizazz was my creamed corn over it.
I didn't like the recipe. It wasn't horrible, but definitely not my momma's. Perhaps cooking it longer would give it a better crust. It also needed a lot more salt which I added after tasting the batter. Will not make again.
Easy and delish. Good as a side with something spicy, as it doesn't have much of a kick. It was a hit in this house.
Light and fluffy-offers something different than regular cornbread. I might add a little more flavor with more pepper and perhaps dried thyme or another herb in the future. Mine took a little longer to cook, but a good recipe overall.
Not bad, but not great either. It made a tremendous quantity, and the leftovers were not particularly enjoyable.
Great tasting and easy to make; we expect to make it again. Please note that there's an error in the number of servings. It's more like 10 or 12 servings, not the '2' that's listed.
I made this recipe to go with ham and tangerine chutney. I have not made spoon bread nor tasted it. I found it interesting. Sort of a cross between omlet and cornbread. It went well with the other dishes. The only issue I had was that it took 80 mins to cook. Not sure why but it ended up fine, just cooked slow. I also had it with left over ham and tangerine chutney but melted swiss cheese over it in the microwave for breakfast. Very nice
Note that there is an error in the number of servings - it should be 12, NOT 2.
I added 1/2 cup of swiss cheese to this and found it to be a nice accompaniment to the ham. Nice texture and ample flavor. Next time i may try it with cheddar or Fontina cheese.
This was a delicious recipe. It was very easy to follow and the result was fantastic. It came out light and fluffy. It did not resemble grits at all. Everyone loved it...even the kids. As far as the "bland" comments, sometimes you just need something a bit mild! I will definitely serve this again.
This definitely needed something to give it flavor. It had a very deep, rich taste to it because of the whipping cream & buttermilk, but as others stated it was bland. I have other cornbread recipes that are much better than this one.
This recipe was not as easy as lead to believe in the intro and very lacking in taste. It remided me of a recipe for Corn Pudding, which is much easier to make and much better tasting.
This was an unusual and delicious side dish that paired beautifully with the glazed ham that the recipe accompanied. It has simple flavors that complemented the sweet/salty ham quite well. And yes, it does serve 12.
Bland is an understatement!! This spoon bread had almost no flavor at all! I was so disappointed as were my guests!
This recipe was light as promised, but oh so bland. There are better recipes out there.
This was not a creamy spoon bread - more like a grits casserole. Nothing special. I will go back to my original spoon bread recipe.
Haven't tried this yet, but I plan to make it this week. The recipe is for 12 servings, not 2. I just checked my Bon Appetit magazine.
Come on Teahead, it must be a typo! This recipe must serve 12, not two. I plan to make this over the weekend; it looks really good!
I haven't made this recipe yet, but it seems like a lot of ingredients for 2 servings.Realize that this is very late plus I haven't made the recipe but Barrilla whole grain ( yellow box) may not be whole wheat but the kids can't tell and at least it adds some fiber.
alicia55w's suggestion to roast the vegetables was spot-on. In addition to s&p, I seasoned with a little cinnamon, garam masala, and Szechuan peppercorns, and upped the garlic. I still pan-fried the sage, then sauteed a bunch of watercress in that oil, then added the pasta, the vegetables, and liberal Parmesan. Adding a cup of the pasta cooking water was essential, because it actually made a sauce. All in all, not a quick dinner (if you break down the squash yourself) but a delicious and healthy one.
Agree that this recipe needs 'more' - but it is supposed to be healthy, so a bit of sacrifice. A dollop of a fresh goat cheese or blue cheese might add something here. Perhaps some toasted, chopped walnuts too. I drizzled a bit of walnut oil over and thought it worked well here. These are both healthy additions, right? My 14 month old daughter loved this!
I rated this recipe two spoons because it was good, but it may have been better if I had opted to use fresh butternut squash rather than prepackaged butternut squash from Trader Joe's. Also, I haven't had any luck finding whole wheat pasta that tastes even remotely as good as regular pasta. If it exists, please let me know. Had I used fresh butternut squash and regular or better whole wheat pasta, I think this recipe would have turned out great.
This recipe is very bland. tastes "healthy." That said, it is REALLY easy if you need a quick veggie meal. I added spinach like another reviewer suggested and extra garlic.
An easier way to do this and retain more of the nutrients is to roast the butternut squash with the onions, garlic and sage. Once the veggies are roasted, remove from the pan and deglaze the pan with some broth or wine. Toss it all over pasta. I also only use farro pasta -- a whole wheat variation that is not as gummy as regular whole wheat. One more note - for those who buy "pre-cut" vegetables, you are losing nutrients as well as flavor, and increasing the risk of bacteria. It's not that difficult to peel a squash! (plus you'll save money.)
I make a version of this on a regular basis. Omit the sage, add in a bag or two of baby spinach and dry vermouth. Cook the spinach and squash along with the other ingredients in the vermouth. Add the cooked pasta and toss with parmesean cheese salt and pepper. The spinach gives it a great flavor and goes nicely with butternut squash... you cna even use frozen squash if you are in a hurry. This version is a true family favorite! ( Two teenage boys devour it every time.)
I love butternut squash and sage together, but this recipe is tasteless! Have found much better ones...don't waste your time
I had all the ingredients for this on hand today so I made it. Just doesn't appeal to me. Bland, dry, and the whole wheat pasta just didn't seem to work with the other flavors. Risotto with winter squash and fried sage is one of my fav winter comfort foods. This, not so much.
A great quick vegetarian recipe. Save some of the prep work by getting the butternut squash already chopped at Wegmans or other similar grocery stores.
epichuck, I needed you in my kitchen. As it was, this recipe gets no forks from us. We really didn't like it, though we have successfully paired butternut squash and sage before. It's a rare day when my husband doesn't finish his food, and he left a third of this on his plate. I gave the leftovers to a neighbour who had liked the sound of the recipe. She added more salt and pepper and drizzled good olive oil on it and found it passable.
Carnivore to the rescue- I added twice the onion, tons of black pepper, chicken broth instead of water and then I broke every rule by adding in a few tilapia filets toward the end. It turned out fantastic- dinner party hit!!
I have to say that we enjoy the ingredients individually, but this combination is the worst! The best thing about this recipe is the wine we paired with it.
Absolutely delicious. I followed the recipe exactly. This recipe is healthy and wholesome and feels like I'm really taking care of my family. I highly recomment it.
A great meal - Agree about bumping up the garlic a bit. We crumbled the crispy fried sage over the pasta just before serving and it added a great additional flavor - very good and easy !
Tasty and easy meal. I substituted basil for the sage and yellow onion for red onion. I also doubled the onion and garlic.Loved this recipe! Used Acorn squash instead of butternut and it was delicious! Just a few tips... - Note, if you use Acorn squash you'll need two of them. I just halved the recipe and it worked out great for my small household. - When I halved the recipe, just used 1 egg. I think the full recipe would work better with just 2 eggs since others complained it was too watery. - Added some sauteed sage to the batter - delicious - Took others advice and added a bit of flour (thank you!) and some extra breadcrumbs, and they stayed together perfectly! Yogurt Sauce: -Used Liberte Plain Yogurt and it was perfect -Adds a lot to the dish - don't skip it -Thought it needed a little acid so I added a small amount of lime juice and it was perfect -Did not add pepper - why does this recipe add pepper to everything? Leftovers: The latkes were not quite as good the next day as I hoped - definitely better when hot off the pan. I'd recommend reheating in a pan instead of microwave, or save the batter (pre-eggs probably) instead of the cooked latkes. Enjoy!
made this for my cooking group have never added baking powder to a latke mixture.......tried forming patties and they didn't stick together, dumped it out and refrigerated mixture for hours........finally put it into a small baking dish (using the sauteed pine nuts and sage as a topping)......we'll see, but it doesn't seem like a good fit for me
I only used half the amount of eggs called for, and I still had to add some flour to get these to a good latke consistency. Other than that, was great! A very good appetizer. Used plain sour cream instead of the yogurt sauce and it was a nice compliment.
I made these as an appetizer for T'giving, and panicked when the first batch crumbled as I tried to fry them. I added 1/4 flour to the remaining batter, and they held together much better...nice and crispy and very tasty. I didn't think the yogurt-sage sauce had much pizzaz when I made it the day before, but served with the latkes, it was a terrific combo. The latkes were a bit greasy, so I made sure to blot them sufficiently following reheating before serving. They were filling, but served well in advance of dinner and were definitely more popular among adults than kids.
I loved the flavor on these but as the previous reviewer stated, they were extremely fragile and hard to keep together. I wonder if there was too much moisture in the squash mixture? Anyway, they were delicious (loved the yogurt sauce too! I used lowfat plain greek yogurt) and will definitely attempt again.
These latkes have an amazing flavor, and are very rich. But, unless our butternut squash was unusually watery, something is missing from the recipe to really bind the latkes together. We added flour after the first batch became crumbles once it hit the pan. Flour definitely helped, but these were still extremely delicate and fragile. Still, wonderful flavor.Rather tasteless. No one cared for it.
toasted walnuts make the dish even better
Very Tasty*Good base recipe for Blondies, but requires more* I agree that as is, the recipe is lackluster, but I added 1/3C Butterscotch Chips, 1/3C Semi-Sweet Chips, and 1/3C Milk Chocolate Chips and received rave reviews! It is very important that you let these blondies cool completely to set, otherwise they will not cut clean, and fall apart. I lined my pan with Parchment Lining Paper, which made pulling the bars out easier to cool on a wire rack. PROS: Crazy-easy and fast, you probably have everything you need already sitting in your pantry CONS: Requires baking chips, nuts, etc, to add flavor/dimension. Allow time to completely cool. If you rush to cut/serve, you'll get ugly, crumbly bars.
I love these. They are dense and chewy and full of buttery brown sugar flavor.
Uch. Flavor, bland. Texture- dense and crumbly. The kids can help you make it, let's put it that way, and that's the only compliment I can find. I added butterscotch chips, and even those didn't help the flavor b/c that's all that made it taste better.
for denser brownies skip the milk
Not the best blondies I've had, but it did appease my craving for them. These were good as they were not too sweet, but had a fluffier consistency than I like for brownies. I'll use this recipe until I can find a better replacement.
Super Easy and Yummy! I added chopped pecans, butterscotch chips and chocolate chips.works great w/ chocolate espresso ganache
Maybe the reason I did not like this was my own fault -- but I suspect it was the butterscotch chips. Since I do not like coffee, I substituted good cocoa powder. I used skim milk as well. As a result, the pudding was not overly rich, which in my book is a plus. However, I found that the pudding was much too sweet (those butterscotch chips are simply nasty -- they hold their shape and are so sweet and artificial tasting, I tried to pick them out). It has been sitting untouched in my refrigerator for the last 3 days, so that tells you something.I've made several variations of this, but I mainly had to write because of the idiot who complained it was bland and colorless. HELLO!!! Read the recipe! IT'S RICE!!! And this is a nice foil for saucy recipes. Sheeeesh.
I have made these twice, following directions exactly, and we love it. It has turned out very flavorful and the technique works. It's an easy way to have an impressive presentation.
I've made this several times. I use it as a filler dish. When all other dishes have alot of flavors this will go well in order to clean your palette. It's very easy and it makes no more of a mess than when you put the H2O in rice-a-roni.
The rice held together well (which is always an accomplishment!). The taste was very bland and presentation lacks color. If I make this again I will add herbs for color and flavor. It was very boring!!! (I used a few of the vegetables I had prepared to garnish it to attempt to "pretty it up a bit".) Also worth mentioning, when adding the broth mixture into the rice saucepan, the pan erupted LIKE A VOLCANO, violent bubbling and throwing hot liquid all over the cooktop. If you prepare this dish, be very careful adding the broth mixture. Do it slowly and step back!!!Very disappointing recipe. I love raw cabbage but this was lacking. Not bad, just lacking. I'd not recommend this one.
This recipe is a half-baked attempt. Add julienned roasted red pepper, red onion and carrot. Ditch the red wine vinegar and use apple cider vinegar and tweak it with a heavy dose of balsamic vinegar. May or may not need a pinch of sugar depending upon the acidity of your vinegars. At least this will put you on the right track. This makes a wonderful side dish to mexican food. It always tastes better the next day.
This was tasty made with fresh parsley from the garden. Reduced it to two servings to avoid watery leftovers. Added a smidge of minced onion to the greens, and a drop of agave syrup to the dressing for sweetness, per other reviews. Hubby loved it.
This salad is very good. It is light tasting, and you can taste all the flavors. I didn't salt the cabbage first, and I didn't add sugar. I did add some slice bermuda onion for flavor and color, as I was using only green cabbage. I served it with tilapia with chile lime butter, and rice. Lovely!
I believe the best way to make any cabbage salad is to sprinkle the shredded cabbage with plenty of salt first to draw out the moisture. That way it will soften and taste less bitter. It's essential. The mustard vinaigrette is okay though.
A good start but I agree with others about adding something. I added a bit of sugar to bring out flavor. Also some chopped mangoes for more color and flavor.
I made this to go with the wild mushroom lasagne. It was a nice accompaniment to that recipe. However, I don't think it would stand alone all that well. I'd only make this again to go with the lasagne (which is fantastic).
As written 1 fork. I made it as written and found it one dimentional. So I added Bavarian mustard for sweetness, toasted mustard seeds for smokeiness and sunflower seeds for more depth of flavor. After I was done it was delicious. I loved the idea, but it just needs more.
Not bad, but it needs a little something more...I'll do it again with either more mustard or vinegar.
This was terrible. We tossed it after one bite.
A very simple yet yummy and healthy dish. We couldn't stop sneaking forkfuls from the bowl!I made this pretty much exactly as it's written, other than adding another half lemon's worth of juice and a tablespoon of brown sugar near the end. The end result is a little bland, I keep adding salt and tabasco. Next time I will use 5 or 6 jalapenos instead of 2. But I generally like things very spicy. 3 forks because I found this very convenient as you don't need to use many pans to make it.
Loved the recipe with tomatoes and sausage added. Fresh herbs and unsweetened chocolate were delicious.
I made this according to the recipe except for the huge jalapenos that i found at grocery store so it had some kick. its fantastic with sour cream on top. my superbowl guests loved it as well! it was easy to make and i would definitely make it again.
I loved this recipe when I was done with it but wasn't sure how to rate it since I made so many changes. I added 12 oz of a vegetarian substitute for ground beef and substituted a green pepper for the red one (for color). I also added 2 cans of diced tomatoes and some chicken broth to dilute it. I guess by adding these ingredients the recipe becomes a lot more like traditional chili. My husband and I both thought the result was fabulous. I plan to make this one again and again. Next time I may add some barley or pasta as suggested by another reviewer.
This is a very flavorful vegetarian chili, and as you can tell from all of the comments, the recipe is extremely flexible. I definitely recommend using the fresh herbs if you can, and I added fresh cilantro. I also used zucchini instead of celery. Like the other cooks, I added canned tomatoes to make it more like chili and less like a black bean stew.
Hello...I made this chili for a large gathering and it was quite popular. It is out of the realm of traditional chili but very good in its own right. I added a large can of diced tomatoes (with the juice) because I cannot imagine chili without tomatoes...nice touch. Also, I cooked it in a slow cooker over eight hours set on low. It's a good fix and forget type dish when done that way. Very nutritious and low-fat/high fiber. Tastes even better left over.
I've been looking for a good meatless chili for awhile, I wanted a regular red chili, just without any meat! I sort of liked the basic sound of this recipe, and figured I could add the tomatoes (as other's suggested). I mixed up the beans, used black, kidney & chickpeas, added cilantro, green pepper, edamame, and vegie crumbles, stewed tomatoes and a bit of tomato juice when I needed to loosen it up. I'm not a vegetarian, just trying to eat better, and this came out like really great meaty chili! We froze the left overs, two weeks later my husband made it for dinner, I said, "Boy this is good, where did you order it from?" He told me it was what I had made, that sold me on my converted recipe, although I'm definately going to try this recipe as written, soon.
I just had to add my opinion on this because their are so many negative comments. I have this cook book and have made this particular recipe several times. My husband and I think it is very good. It is definitely not your typical chili, but it is a great change from that. So, if you are looking for something like a traditional chili this probably won't do it. If you are looking for something different, try it you'll like it!!
This one can be really decadent if you play with it a little. I put cooked shell pasta in it too, almost Chicago style chili meets Texas goolosh.
TOO MUCH WORK TOO LONG TOO PREPARE
This chili had an extremely odd and almost unpleasant taste. I added lots of tomatoes and a little bit of sugar and that barely saved it. I am sure there are better veggie chili recipes to be made.
This chili has a very peculiar taste. I added lots of tomatoes. However, it is still sitting in my fridge and not disappearing quickly.
maybe if you added tomatoes you could get this down but I'm not sure. Chocolate is great in good recipes, but this is not a good recipe.
This is a good vegetarian chili. As the recipe states, the toasted pumpkin seeds are essential. The chocolate is definitely a good additiion. I agree with first reviewer that tomatoes would be an asset.
not very interesting as written. becomes quite delicious with the addition of about two cups of diced tomatoes and their juice, as well as a hit of wine and some fiddling with the spices. the chocolate is a great ingredient.excellent. A few suggestions: 5 passion fruit equals 1/2 cup of fresh juice. A dash of sesame oil and addition of some diced green chiles and jalepeno chiles was a nice addition. Also, we used bbq shrimp in place of squid.
When I used locally grown ingredients, including the passionfruit, the taste of the herbs and onions overwhelmed the delicate fragrance of the passionfruit. Try decreasing the amount of cilantro, onions, garlic, etc and instead upping the amount of fruit by adding fresh mango or another fragrant fruit with a nice texture. The mustard also was drowned out by the herbs. It might be nice to char-grill or fry the squid rather than boiling it if you can to take off the fishy edge.
Very good ..Did not have fresh passion fruits so I used passion fruit jelly from the Asia Mart... .....I tossed with organic butter lettuce, Cucumber, Avocado in thin slices and it was very, very, good!I cannot say anything about authenticity. There is a place near my house that makes fantastic greens in a "callaloo style" that I was hoping to imitate. This is not that recipe. In fact, this recipe is outright strange. I tried the suggestion below to blend everything together, you get this weird green slime. Maybe I used too much okra? I don't know and never will know because this recipe is a one timer.
As a native Trinidadian, I'm quite familiar with both the traditional callaloo AND its less viscous counterpart, callaloo soup. This recipe doesn't claim to be either of those things, but it contains almost all of the same ingredients (or their more easily obtained North American equivalents). It may not be authentic, but it's certainly quite delicious!
I totally agree with the Trinidadian from L.A. Callaloo is not a Soup or Stew. It is just Callalo. Please don't not alter our Native dishes this way. Another Trini from Los Angeles
I thought this was delicious, I don't care how authentic it is or not. I mis-read the ingredients and made the mistake of using 2 scotch bonnets instead of just 1/2 of one, and man was it HOT !! So I added some coconut cream to mellow it out. Even with the heat, we loved it. I used swiss chard as the green, and butternut squash, and added a kilo of shrimp. My only real complaint is that by the second day, the squash and the okra had all pretty much dissolved, so I didn't get the chunky effect I was expecting. The flavor was still awesome, though. I would definitely make it again.
LOL Calalloo. does. not. look. like. that!
This was delicious, however I had the true Callaloo Soup in Aruba a few weeks ago while on a Royal Caribbean cruise, and it was a "dish to die for!" The cooks in Aruba used Okra, Spinach, Pork, Shrimp, and some "mystery" spices, to create their soup. When served, it looked a mess but was absolutely wonderful. So, when I saw this recipe I had to make it. I used spinach, shrimp and crab and okra, etc. It was green and gooey and wonderful. But, I believe if you don't like okra and spinach much in the first place you aren't going to enjoy Callaloo. This recipe needs some tweeking..and I will work on it...but it was good and I would make the Callaloo Soup again. I was very surprised to see it here when I looked it up. Most people have never heard of it. I bought two cookbooks just to get the recipe ~~ that's how much I loved it.
We made this stew for our Carribean themed gourmet club dinner last night. I was assigned to make it or I never would have picked it given the previous reviews. I was pleasantly surpised. It was delicious! I used spinach leaves and Kabocha squash (Japanese pumpkin). Pumpkin is out of season right now, but the Kabocha was sweet and delicious in this. The Habanero added a nice punch.
I saw this recipe in BA Magazine, and decided to look for the ingredients at the farmers mkt. I found a bunch of what looked like taro leaves for sale for $1. I asked the Hmong farmer what they were and she said "they are whatever you want them to be". Then I asked (foolishly) are they taro leaves? and she said "YES! taro leaves!". The stew would have been better with crab, but the leaves tasted odd, and nobody would eat the okra,and my husband doesn't like pumpkin, so I offered it to my dogs and they wouldn't eat it either.
No decent Trinidadian cook will make callaloo this way. Where is the crab?
I AM A WEST INDIAN (TRINIDAD) THIS RECIPE WILL BE BETTER IF AT THE END ALL THE VEGETABLES ARE BLENDEDRecipe not quite accurate: 6 minutes yield semi-firm yam. Picture misleading: Just no way it could turn out looking like that if you follow the recipe. The puff pastry probably should be baked separately so it will be crispy and then the whole dish can be "composed" to look like the picture. But, the caramel is delicious and saved the whole thing. Will try again w/ adjustments.
mine did not turn out as pretty as the pitcure but it was still delicious. this was because the puff pastry became soggy from the caramel right after i inverted the tarts on the plate. it was very easy to make. the vanilla ice cream is necessary to help curb the sweetness of the dish. i will make these again
Yes you can make this dish ahead of time. Just make it then bring it out to warm to room temp. before dinner. Easy pie !!
I'd love to try this but I don't want to make a dinner party dessert that requires last-minute attention. Does anyone know if I can prepare the individual servings before guests arrive and put them in the fridge until we're through with the main course?I wasn't thrilled with this recipe. I thought it was ok with the compote, but without it, the ice cream was too tart. My husband really hated it as well as one of our guests. Now I have a lot of ice cream left...
I absolutly loved the ice cream! it was extremely refreshingly and tasted great with the compote. this is a great recipe and i really enjoyed it!
This ice cream was both rich and refreshingly lemony. I really didn't think the compote added a whole lot to it, but the ice cream was yummy. I especially liked it when it was still soft, right out of the ice cream maker.Not sure why I needed to soak the mandarins over night or why I needed to broil it. This was with out a doubt the worst recipe I have ever tried. Living in the part of Europe that I do mandarins are really expensive so I was not happy when this was a tasteless, icky wonder.
We used Grand Marnier on Thanksgiving and it was wonderful! We're having it again for Christmas.
Prob. won't make this again. It wasn't horrible.... The word "eh" describes it perfectly.
I agree with the Cook from Durham. In a word "Eh". NOT worth the cost of the St. Germain or the time.
I made this exactly as written - including buying the $35 of St. Germain - and it was just "eh." At least now we have a delicious liqueur for martinis.
I found a substitute for St. Germaine. Thatchers organic artisan liqueur - Elderflower. The store clerk said it was just as good as St. Germain and it was only 19.00. I am going to make this for Thanksgiving and I'm pretty excited to try it.
grand marnier will work instead of st. germain
this looks interesting but I don't have st. germain and I don't want to spend $35 on a bottle and bevmo does not have minis. Is there another liqueur that would be a good substitute? ThanksAgree that nothing you can do to a cantaloupe beats the taste of the fresh, sweet fruit at its peak of ripeness. But sometimes you get a melon that's not sweet or flavorful, and no one will eat it. This is the recipe you want for those times. The amount of sugar depends on the sweetness of the melon. Lime juice can sub for lemon. Lemon or lime zest can be added, as can fresh ginger, whole clove or stick cinnamon. Use your imagination. Just don't toss out a the fresh cantaloupe!
Not a bad recipe, just nothing to write home about. For my part, eating regular sliced cantaloupe would have been far more satisfying.
Raisins, as grown and dried in this country are far sweeter than the European variety. Used in this dish, they are sufficient sweetening. Omit the sugar and I'll make it again
This is a great recipe, However I would not use any sugar, Due to your melon should be swwet enough!!! Enjoy..
I haven't prepared the recipe yet, but it sounds delicious, and should be good to drizzle on top of ice-cream or vanilla blancmange. I don't think there is an excess of sugar considering the the fact that the recipe is to be divided between 6-8 portions.
DISGUSTING FAR TOO MUCH SUGAR BAD FOR YOUR TEETH ONLY IN AMERICA COULD THEY COME UP WITH THIS.
Very easy and VERY tasty!
Love cantalope, love yogurt, what else can I say!This is a hit whenever I make it. I've also used a cheaper red wine for a breakfast buffet.
It was good. Definitely a grown up version of jello. We couldn't really taste the port. I might try to make it again and add a cup rather than 3/4.I marinated the shrooms for an hour in 1/2 c olive oil, 1/4 c balsamic vinegar, 6 minced cloves of garlic, and 3 tsp dried thyme, with red pepper flakes, sea salt and fresh cracked pepper to taste. I really enjoyed this, the flavors went so well together!!
This was easy and I loved the bleu cheese sauce. However, I thought the portobello mushrooms were a little lacking i flavor. The next time I cook this I might marinate them for a few hours in maybe an olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and garlic mixture.
why not do this on the GRILL?????? huh????this was way too greasy, there are better recipes for caponata out there
I made these last week for our fourth of July celebration. The process was easy, time consuming but easy. I follwed the receipe exactly(doubling it) and it was quite tasty. I do think the process of frying the eggplant made the dish too oily. In the future I will make this again but I will either roast or grill the eggplant. If you do fry the eggplant make sure to drain it very well. My guests loved it! I had some left over and it was excellent the next day too.Very nice flavor, but as others have noted, difficult technically. I recommend adding 1/4 cup water to the sugar before heating. Stir while heating until sugar is dissolved. Boil medium high without stirring, but washing down any sugar crystals with a brush dipped in cold water, until syrup begins to turn golden, about 5 minutes. Continue to boil, swirling pan occasionally, until syrup is a deep golden caramel. IMMEDIATELY (and carefully) add boiling hot water and scotch.
This quick recipe took too long. I agree with the previous posts that the end product is good, but not really detailed properly on how to caramelize dry sugar. I probably wont use this recipe again. Like the first comment, I'll look for a "wet" spin to this recipe that will not cause my sugar to burn.
It's tasty, and perfect on the bread-and-butter pudding. But this method of making caramel is a chore best left to a professional cook. I added just a touch of corn syrup to prevent crystallization; the recipe says nothing about crystallization at all, not even wiping down the sides. I should also have used the "wet" method of making caramel, where you add sugar and water, boil off the sugar, then let the sugar turn golden. With the dry method, part of the sugar is likely to start burning while the rest isn't even hot. The recipe doesn't make it clear that the caramel seizes after the liquid is added. So after you dodge potential disfigurement from splattering water, sugar and alchohol, you have to pound and stir and mash and boil what appears to be chewed wads of gum in the pan for about 15 minutes. I only got them to dissolve by adding additional hot water. The resultant sauce was runnier than I would have liked, but that consistency turned out to be perfect for soaking up by the bread pudding. In short, the flavor is great, it's worth making, but use a completely different caramelization method.
It took forever to get the sugar to melt. And a semi dangerous recipe when adding the water and liquor (I added rum instead). And there were pieces of the caramel that remained hard that I had to remove. I added sauteed bananas as well. But everyone loved it - over the chocolate bread pudding.I didn't have any problems with the caramel, and didn't use a heavy-bottom pan like one reviewer suggested. I like this cake, as does my family.
I strongly disagree with the previous reviewers who think this is a bad recipe. It is really a wonderful recipe and the difficulty they had with the caramel was, I suspect, that they cooked too long, too hot. Baking in individual ramekins makes for a good presentation but too big for most people to eat all. I will definitely make again and I will also try making it in a bundt pan.
I made this twice and both times the caramel was terrible. It was so hard I could not eat it. The cake had little flavor. I added more apples but still the entire dish had very little flavor. The worst part was the caramel. It was a disaster.
I really hate to be to sound whiney, but Uh(!) this was terrible! The caramel tasted like anything but caramel- in fact, it was horribly bitter!- and the cake was just mediocre. The whole process required a large effort and enormous clean-up! Not worth it;in fact, it was a complete waste of time and products!
First off, make sure you use a heavy bottomed pan for the carmel -- it won't work otherwise. As to the dessert,there was nothing that tasted like caramel apple. I made it without testing it first for dinner and after a few bites, no one finished it. It was sweet and the cake part was underwhelming. I kept looking back at the recipe to see if I missed something. It looked beautiful, but it just didn't taste good. Way below average.
I was so glad to see the comments posted. Tried this cake last night. Unlike others, I thought the taste and texture of the cake was fine. The caramel, however, was a nightmare. Stuck miserably to the baking dish. Clean up was a challenge. Won't try again until I learn a better way to work with the caramel
If you had a "no fork" option that would have been my choice. While the caramel and apples were good , the cake was flavorless and dry. I had no problems with the caramel as I've made in many times before. But this recipe wasn't worth the clean-up caramel requires. I think this is the first time I've ever had to throw away a dessert.
Very disappointing. I love to bake and this was not at all worth baking to me. The cake was dry and bland, and the texture kind of weird. Lots of ice cream and caramel sauce from the refrigerator still made a decent dessert, but I would not make this again.
Really disappointing. Cake was doughey and caramel burned with these directions. Not good.
This cake was a big disappointment. The picture looked so good on the cover of Bon Appetite that I had to try it. The caramel was too hard to get just right, as others have commented. The cake was dry and lacked flavor. My family asked if I could just make my regular upside-down cake recipe from the old Betty Crocker cookbook next time! I will stick with the brown sugar and butter method from now on.
We tried this recipe last night and I have to admit, this was the first time I have ever been disappointed with a recipe from Bon Appetit. The cake was bland and finely grained and almost all of the caramel remained in the dishes. Another vote for the vanilla ice cream being the best part of the recipe.
I had different results from most of the other reviewers. I sliced the apples a little thinner, since slices of 1/8 of the apple seemed too thick from the start. As for the caramel, it's not supposed to be a sauce. Without fat, caramel is quite sticky, and hardens quickly. If you put a little bit more than the recommended amount in each ramekin, you will end up with a lovely caramel coating that covers the sides of each cake. Also, since the caramel was so sticky, we figured that we'd have to plate the cakes as soon as they were out of the oven. This strategy works well, as long as you don't wait too long for it to cool at any point (including before consumption). If I make it again, I will probably add some cinnamon or other apple pie-like spice to the apples when sauteeing. The caramel flavor was great, but a little overwhelming... this is quite a rich dessert. I agree that the cake wasn't quite the best texture, but overall, it was a fun treat to make and enjoy.
This was a complete disaster -- I echo the comments about not being able to get it out of the dishes and also that the cake was not at all pleasing -- it was dry and much finer grained than what appeared on the cover of the magazine. After these disappointing results I reviewed the recipe and I'm sure I followed both the ingredients and the method correctly. I would not recommend this!
I thought this was great! I made it at 5 pm on a Saturday night when I was expecting guests at 6 pm. I made it in a square glass dish rather than separate ramekin dishes. I'll definitely make it again and have shared the recipe with my guests, too.
I used bottled caramel sauce. I baked it in a square pan, not individual ramekins. The cake came out with a cheesecake-like texture.
this was not good. the caramel took closer to 30 minutes to get to amber, and that was on the second try, since on my first try the teflon from my pan got too hot & came off in the caramel. I think they should have said to butter the ramekins also, because mine wouldn't come out... the apple pieces are too big, andd the cake is not that good either. just a poorly written recipe and a waste of time & money. I'm surprised, because I use Bon Appetit recipes all the time and I'm always pleased with the results!
Another carmel disaster here! Tried it twice, two different pans, two different temps, rock candy both times. Just not enough water! Resorted to the old butter and brown sugar method. And smothered them in ice cream. Not a favorite.
for those having trouble with the caramel, be sure to let the sugar dissolve completely, heating over a low flame. when fully dissolved you can turn the heat up without any problems. resist the urge to stir; swirling the pan is all that's needed here.
Thank goodness I read the reviews! I was making this right before company came over, so I used the brown sugar/butter method. It was delicious, but I think I will add some cinnamon and nutmeg next time. The cake has a very fine texture. I briefly boiled the butter and brown sugar together before dividing into the cups. The cakes released beautifully and were delicious served with vanilla bean ice cream.
They were delicious. Caramel making is challenging like the others say. I've never fail to make caramel before, and now I know what is like. It became crystalized, but I went ahead and used it. There was sugar caked at the bottom after flipping over the cake when they were done. They still tasted very good, and my husband and son loved them. (I made into 8 serving.)
Amazing when done right but this is definitely not for people who haven't done some sugar work before. Couple of things to help with the caramel are to use the smallest heaviest saucepan you have and then make sure to use a pastry brush. If you use anything other than these, it can very quickly go from a sugar glaze to a crystalized mess. Also, stop when it is a golden brown because the caramel can go from light amber to burnt and bitter in a few seconds. We do candy on a regular basis and it took us three tries to get it right but when it finally comes out right, it is amazing. Tastes like creme brulee topping. The apples were a bit too big for our tastes, next time we'll cut into 12. We fixed this for a dinner party and attendees raved and raved about it.
I had this cake at Fino on January 19th (Paula Deen's 60th birthday) and it was fabulous! We have enjoyed the desserts for many years at both Asti and Fino. ;)
My husband selected this recipe for his birthday party.The recipe was a disaster! I made it as a single cake, as the individual cups would be too much for one person. I used an 8 cup flan mold. When I unmolded it, all of the caramel stayed in the dish and was a gluey mess. The cake was dry, and the only redeeming feature about this dish was the vanilla ice cream.
This is hard for me to rate. The end result was delicious, but the road to get there was tortuous and slow. The caramel was a disaster. Maybe it's because I live at 7,000 feet, but the syrup was boiling one minute, and the next it had crystalized into a rock-hard mess. I tried unsuccessfully to salvage it. Started over with a Joy of Cooking caramel sauce, which worked fine (more water). The cakes were delicious, but too much for one person - next time I'll try (as some of the reviewers below)to make it as one whole dessert. But really tasty, and my sweetie and I loved the texture of the cakes. One more note - I used regular, not cake flour (and substituted two tablespoons of corn starch for two tablespoons of the flour, per Mark Bittman), and 1% milk.
Thank you for the helpful responses to the caramel challenged cook--me! I agree with "eathappy" that it was somewhat bitter and the reader from Lake Tahoe was quite right in suggesting a brown sugar/butter topping; I will try that next time! It would seem just as tasty with alot less struggle.
I thought the cakes were delicious! the caramel was a bit bitter for my family. will try again, and work on the caramel-would like to try just using the cakes for other desserts
I halved the recipe and it was great.
To the caramel-challenged cook -- I completely agree, and quite frankly, I don't think the caramel is necessary. I used the small cups and instead of the caramel just put a paste of brown sugar and melted butter on the bottom, the way my mother used to make upside down cakes. Then I put in the sauteed apples (A little brandy and some cinnamon in the sauteeing didn't hurt) and poured on the cake batter. I think this would work fine as one large cake as well. You need to keep an eye on them while they're cooking -- I live at high altitude and they still finished pretty quickly. I think the suggestion of 400 is a little high, but 350, the usual temp for a cake, worked well.
Try baking at 400*
I tried this recipe as one cake rather than the individual cakes. The caramel procedure was a complete disaster: the sugar would not carmelize for the longest time--took much longer than the 8 minutes stated in the recipe--and when it DID turn amber it was a hard solid mess. I was wondering if a candy thermometer would have helped or if my sugar was somehow not right. Any ideas? I even tried a second batch of the caramel and it was a failure; came out like grainy sludge.
I saw this recipe in the current issue and it sounds great. One thing I am wondering about, I'd like to make it as a single cake instead of individual ones...any suggestions on how to adapt the recipe?Disaster for me too. Huge pain in the neck, and not very tasty in the end. I like the idea of the Dulce de Leche substitute, but I have so many brownie recipes that are so much better that this one might never surface again. :(
DISASTER. I completely recommend against this recipe. The repeated chilling of the dough is ridiculous for the end result of a brownie. And that caramel was a nightmare--it kept hardening and was very difficult to work with to fill the cups. Then, when served several hours later, the caramel was hard as a rock. Everyone was making funny faces as they struggled not to crack a tooth on it. I'd never, ever make again.
Tasty, pretty, easy-to-eat bites for a party. I made the brownie exactly as called for, except that I wasn't obsessive about grinding the nuts so fine. However, I cheated and used a high-quality dulce de leche (a nice thick goat's milk variety) to spoon into the cups instead of making my own caramel. I also sprinkled on the nuts before baking the cups. They were tiny and lovely--very good.
These were delicious. The caramel was a "pain" to make it does harden easily, but once baked in the cakes, its great.
The taste and presentation were both good, however, the caramel became too hard, it turned out like a Big Daddy. I may try again and see if I can get the caramel to a softer consistency."Tombouctou" did you even make this recipe or just read it? Although I doubt the latter, since you can't even spell.
it's disgusting!It was a bit difficult to make, but it was quite delicious! I used rum instead.
I love this pie! It's now a Thanksgiving tradition, but after the first year I made a few substitutions: dried cherries instead of currants, and bourbon instead of apple brandy. And lazy as I am, I use a store-bought pie crust. It's always a big hit.
I am surprised by the previous reviews for this recipe -- I found this pie to be quite unusual. I made only minor changes: a pinch of cloves, a bit more cinnamon, Braeburn apples i/o Granny Smith, calvados i/o apple jack, and more thickly sliced fruit. The calvados flavor was still bright after cooking even through the caramel. I am making it again for Thanksgiving but I will try it as a tart this time.
I agree; this pie looked better before it was baked and when it was baked, it was very bland. Kind of like a boring apple pie--all the great ingredients just melded into a nondescript filling. I really wished I had spent the time on creating something else.
Too much effort for a very bland and ordinary result. The crust was nice, and a change from the standard pastry, but the pie had no real special flavor - the currants, pears, brandy and caramel flavors were totally absent. In the future, I will use the crust on a traditional apple pie recipe.I also included thinly sliced yellow onions and serve them along side grilled pork chops. Very tasty.
try cutting the rings into bite size pieces..do the sugar but toward the end sprinkle with cinnamon and serve for brunch with good quality sausage links.
The idea to saute apples in butter sounded very good but the apple slices ended up tasting quite ordinary.....in fact, a little off because they were browned.I also only did the fig part of this recipe (overabundance of figs on the tree, trying out new ways to consume them all). But it didn't work out well for me. Maybe my broiler just didn't get hot enough, but the sugar only seemed to draw out the juices from the figs so that instead of caramelizing they just kind of cooked :( I would try this again, but next time I'll use my kitchen blowtorch to caramelize the tops.
Full disclosure--I only did the fig part of this recipe. I thought it was OK, but I wouldn't make again. I think the coulis would have helped, but the flavor of the figs doesn't interest me enough to try it.
A stunner. Succulent, sensuous, and wow! Not to mention simple and low-fat.
I'd prefer fresh raspberries here...This was a very rich and buttery dessert. The flavors were unique and complemented each other well. It was pretty easy to make, though I wasn't sure how much breadcrumbs to add to the pear puree. Makes a nice presentation and is something really different for fall.I liked the PINEAPPLE as a base for a sundae, however I prepared it differently. I used canned pineapple chunks, boiled down the juice with the chunks and butter in the saucepan, then added a generous splash of dark rum, which I ignited. The CHOCOLATE sauce, however, was a waste of my time. While it did have a distinct coconut flavor when I tasted it straight from the saucepan, the effect was lost after pouring it over vanilla ice cream and the pineapple. Next time I make this recipe, which is good enough to do again (quite easy and make-ahead), I'll just use regular (jarred) hot fudge sauce. Then, I think, I'll top the sundae with toasted coconut.
Had a Jamaican themed dinner menu and these went wonderful with the menu. I would make them again if it fit with the rest of the menu.
Good flavor but I would recomend brushing the pineapple with a brown sugar and butter mixture. If grill is hot enough it will form a syrup that adds a nice flavor to the dessert.
I can't believe this has gotten such poor reviews! I allowed the sauce and pineapple topping to cool first so the ice cream didn't melt so quickly. I served it in colorful margarita glasses. I skipped the praline because I was too lazy to make it. My guests absolutely loved it and were asking for more. The pineapple was picked from my very own plant which made it extra special.
You must eat this immediately or it melts. Flavor was good, but didn't love it. Praline is very tough...like peanut brittle.We had a party with 60 people, and everyone raved about them. They were outstanding with a slice of country ham and spicy mustard.
hese biscuits were just so-so. The dill taste got lost with the caraway. Also I don't think this recipe really makes 48. I made 48 and they were very small and a little hard. Maybe making less with a larger cutter would help.Simple and went well with the Pork Chops with Caramelized Onions and Smoked Gouda recipe.This would be more interesting if the cakes would actually stick together and have some density. Wondering if using jasmine rice (Trader Joes, brown jasmine)might help them hold their shape..or mixing in a beaten egg?
Excellent!!!!! With or without the butter glaze on top.
Have had this rice as cakes or just caraway rice and enjoyed it both ways
My husband and I were not big fans of this recipe at all. You might as well just make plain rice or orzo. We will not fix this recipe again.
Wonderful and easy. My kids loved them. Made some without the butter and they were excellent
A disapointing result. The above recipe seems quite pointlesss as far as it goes. I'd like something with rice flour, actually. This is a great magazine for us with first world taste living in a third world country.Taste is wonderful, especially since I added 2 tsp grated orange peel. However the texture is terrible. Looks like goo. There has to be a way to make the texture more appitizing, maybe egg?
Taste is wonderful, especially since I added 2 tsp grated orange peel. However the texture is terrible. Looks like goo. There has to be a way to make the texture more appitizing, maybe egg?
Taste is wonderful, especially since I added 2 tsp grated orange peel. However the texture is terrible. Looks like goo. There has to be a way to make the texture more appitizing, maybe egg?
Taste is wonderful, especially since I added 2 tsp grated orange peel. However the texture is terrible. Looks like goo. There has to be a way to make the texture more appitizing, maybe egg?
Taste is wonderful, especially since I added 2 tsp grated orange peel. However the texture is terrible. Looks like goo. There has to be a way to make the texture more appitizing, maybe egg?
Taste is wonderful, especially since I added 2 tsp grated orange peel. However the texture is terrible. Looks like goo. There has to be a way to make the texture more appitizing, maybe egg?
While a very simple recipe, I believe that the flavour and combined with the simplicity of making it deserve a high rating. I even left out the nuts for topping- but using green cardamom pods, I was able to get a delightful, rich, complex flavour with relatively little effort. I found it important to buy my arrowroot and cardamom online at a reasonable price, because you use SO much arrowroot. Also, I over-thickened my pudding: it is important to follow the recipes timeline and remember that once it cools in the fridge, it will be MUCH thicker. My result was rather like slime, it was so thick: but the flavour was amazing. I look forward to doing this again, and this time taking care to thicken it only slightly- getting a better result. I also recommend having the whisk handy during the second heating stage, as it helped to keep the pudding properly mixed even after putting it back on the heat. Definitely a good way to use extra milk you have on hand, and get a gourmet tasting result!I made this dish a few years ago for a Cinco de Mayo celebration I had. Everyone loved it. I am making it again this weekend for a party. I think the dressing had a nice citrus flavor.
It was alright nothing special the falovours did not jump out out you It was too oily
We did not care for this recipe.
I made it on a very hot day and my guests loved it. I didn't have passion fruit because it is very hard to get here, so I substituted it with orange juice and only put half the sugar.I too followed the advice of the reviewer from Huntington Beach. 1.5 lbs flank steak, juice: one lime, one small lemon, and two oranges, 2 cloves crushed and coursly chopped garlic. Add all to a ziplock and force out all the air. Marinate over night in fridge and cook quickly on a very hot grill. Chop and spoon into a fresh corn tortilla, top with pico de gallo, some cilantro, and maybe a bit of soft mexican cheese. Heaven just heaven. I used to go to a mexican place to get my fix, never again. Many many thanks for the suggestion.
I actually followed the advice of the reviewer from HB and it turned out great. Everyone likes it - a nice citrus taste.
I usually have problems with people altering recipes on this site. That being said, here comes my first alterating recipe. I have a friend, form Mexicalli. First thing she told me was all Carne Asada recipes are different. Everything is to taste. It depends on region and family. Her recipe, which we have enjoyed for years, is fresh lemon juice, fresh lime juice, Fresh orange, garlic powder(I know weird), chopped cilantro, chopped green onion, salt (lots of salt)and pepper. Marinate overnight. Grill over hot coals, or whatever, just grill quickly over high heat. Let stand for 10-15 minutes, chop and serve in tortillas with pico de gallo or a smooth red salsa, fresh cilantro, squeeze of citrus, avacado (if you like it) and Mexican cheese. Very light, awesome taste. The citrus breaks down the muscle in the skirt steak. By the way Skirt Steak and Flank Steak, by my understanding, are virutally the same.
i agree with the reveiwer before me (i've made both) - try the ARRACHERA CON AJO Y LIMON A LA PARRILLA, marinate for 24 hours, quick cook on very hot grill. amazing.
This is NOT carne asada! Firstly I make carne asada with skirt steak which is what is used in most mexican rest. Secondly it should be marinated in either lemon, lime, or beer. If not the citrus should be squeezed over the finished product. Also for those of you that say carne asada should be slow cooked - you are wrong! Carne asada is grilled over very hot coals and very quickly at that. You must be confusing this with carnitas or machaca as those are slow cooked. Weather not permitting you can sear the meat in a very hot pan and then put under a very hot broiler. This recipe may be good for some but if you are looking for a REAL carne asada recipe, this is not it. Oh and Mexicans DO NOT use tabasco! However, there is a genuine recipe on this site that is true to how carne asada should be prepared. Cut and paste this title: ARRACHERA CON AJO Y LIMON A LA PARRILLA --- I ASSURE you - the above recipe is right on the money!!! Try it!
Delicious, easy and light. Was a great addition to a taco/burrito buffet. Served with fresh lime wedges to squeeze on top. As far as whether or not it's "true" carne asada, seriously, I don't care. This isn't a contest for authenticity, it's a recipe. If you don't like it, don't make it AND ESPECIALLY DON'T REVIEW IT.
I was born in Mexico. The truth is, there is no concrete definition of what carne asada is. It is simply roasted meat, and there are many variances in the way it is prepared. That being said, this recipe was very good, simple, and light. The spices and flavors mixed well together. Using corn tortillas, this recipe was very reminiscent of central Mexican cuisine. We make it all the time. It's delicious.
I tried this recipe. It is merely ok, but I would have to agree with the "other" cook from Seattle, it is definately NOT what I would consider carne asada, and is by no means authentic other than the fact that it is "carne" and has some cilantro in it. It is fairly light, and would be ok in a pinch, I suppose (if you have no taste buds whatsoever). The idea of cooking anything "authentic" and then seasoning it with TABASCO sauce would have my mother spinning in her grave. :-P Again, I would have to agree with the person that suggested the Arrachera recipe. For me, the Arrachera is a bit closer to what I'm used to eating (being Hispanic), and it tastes much better as well. The fact that it uses olive oil should appeal to anyone who is looking for something "healthy" to prepare.
I get very frustrated when I read the reviews of many of the recipes on this site. In particular, on this one, what is truly "Mexican"?? I have many recipes for "German" potato salad, and they are not all the same. So, let's all get over this ethnic stuff. Try the recipe and then review it. Also, IT WOULD BE NICE IF THE REVIEWERS COULD USE COMPLETE SENTENCES WITH PROPER PUNCUATION!!!
Authentic or not, this was fast, easy and fairly healthy, not to mention tasting good! Served w/ a fresh pico de gallo and pepper jack cheese.
Good basic recipe. That is all that it is. It is not the definitive recipe for carne asada nor does it claim to be. Jeesh - get a life out there people.
I want to thank aidachick from San Diego. After searching several cookbooks and web-sites, finally there exists a recipe that makes great carne asada! And it is simple, too. Add grilled onions (whatever type),grilled poblano chilis, tortillas,cilantro and fresh squeezed lime juice and it's a great taco!
Carne asada tacos this isn't!! The meat should be marinated in citrus to begin with. Tacos should be served with pico de gallo, shredded cabbage, and squeeze lime juice over all. I prefer flour tortillas over corn also.
I am a 10000% mexican; so I know that actually, in most households that is what carne asada stands for, since there is not much time/space to do a grill or light charcoal; however, it is also true that ACTUAL carne asada is made in a charcoal fire. On the othr hand not every one of us uses citrus to marinate meat, though lemon is also used to add to tacos. One hing we DO NOT DO is tabasco sauce as often as you guys believe we do, we use tabasco to polish our brass and copper appliances. sorry to burst your bubble, we prefer 100000 tmes over to actually eat the chiles, raw and fresh in our own salsas. one thing we almost always use is beer to marinate the meat on.
The people rating this recipe are misinformed...1.Carne asada is never slow cooked...that's machaca of carnitas. Carne asada by its name is charbroiled. 2. citrus is one of the most traditional ways of marinating meats of any kind in mexico ...especially beef or chicken. this recipe is nor americanized at all. The Americans are once again prejudicing themselves against a flavor created by the limited ingredients and tougher meats most citizens south of the border have to deal with every day. This is their steak and their flavor..
I agree. This is not authentic carne asada tacos. First the meat is marinated in citrus juices and mexican spices. It is grilled and served in a hot corn tortilla with finely chopped onions, cilatro, and a traditional red salsa. This is the "americanized" variety that does not come close to the true flavor of authentic tacos. Nice try.
I apologize if I'm being a purist, but that's NOT carne asada. If it is, then avocado is low-fat. Carne asada is slow-roasted, incredibly juicy beef or pork, very flavorful and almost melts in your mouth. I say, do it right or don't do it at all.
I am a Virginia transplant to CA and appreciate the recipe and reviews -- is it appropriate to barbecue/grill the meat after marinating?
I didn't make this dish but am submitting my own authentic marinade I grew up with dad marinating the carne asada with fresh garlic, salt, pepper, lots of lemon or lime and a can of beer...for a big party make layers of beef with this marinate it..much better if done overnight, this has always been a hit,even when I lived in Mexico
I would marinade the meat in a mixture of beer, miracle whip, mustard and lemon juice after I have sprinkled seasoning salt on the meat. Yummy!
Tobasco? No. A little lime juice with the above? Yes. Not far off the mark this time...
does anyone have a carne azada maranade that i can use?
Tobasco or the like is all wrong!! Go ahead and make your own salsa from fresh green chile. Additionally, I would recommend you not use a microwave. Heat the tortillas in a clay dish and wrap in a cloth to keep them from sweating. Plastic bags and microwaves are a No No due to this.What could be bad. Anything fried is the best!
I found them to be a tad heavy. Plus, the debone issue with this species is a chore. Perhaps the inherent oiliness of the flesh influenced this dish.I was very disappointed with the outcome. The first steps (i.e., cutting and rolling the meat) were awkward and did not work well. I was very disappointed at the sauce as well: I think the artichokes gave it an unappealing texture. I've made much better carpaccio more simply: lemon and olive oil, along with peppercorns is a much better sauce.
This was very easy to prepare, and very tasty. I made a variation of the recipe with Salmon, and used capers and a little bit of the juice they were packaged with instead of the artichoke hearts. It was a hit with everyone.
This was my first attempt at making carpaccio, and while my husband and I loved it, I will practice a few more times before serving to guests. The trick is in the rolling; be sure to leave more than three inches in between each piece as you'll want to roll it out as thin and evenly as you can get it.
Great dish, nice balance of flavours,try coating the fillet in meaux mustard then rolling in cracked pepper,then sealing the meat off in a very hot pan before wrapping and freezing. enjoy :)I like everything individually, but for some reason this just didn't work for me. It tasted like an air freshener smells, but adding more salt just made is taste like a salty air freshener. I should have just had some carrot sticks and radishes with veggie dip.
Another very simple recipe that was very tasty. Was curious so I tried it and was surprised at how good it was and how simple it was to make. I did use baby carrots instead of regular carrots.
This was a nice, light salad and went well with the roasted spiced chicken breast, with which it appeared. I shredded the carrots because I didn't feel like dragging out the mandoline.
My spouse and I both really liked this. Definitely don't skimp on the salt--I used about 1/3 tsp (looks like more than it sounds like); 1/2 tsp probably wouldn't have been too much. I also used extra lime zest and juice. The sweet carrots mellow the harsh radish flavor; the radishes add crunch that wouldn't be there if it were just a carrot salad. Yum.
Not bad. but not great either. It's probably good-for-you and would go with most summer grill cooking.
We found this to be a delightful salad and like the last reviewer fresh taste of the vegetables are delivered with a perfect accent of light flavors.
I have made this salad several times, once for guests, and they asked for the recipe. We enjoy the fresh, light flavors. This is a keeper for me.
Boring, bland and blah. I actually like carrot salads, I like radishes and lime is one of my favorite flavorings. For whatever reason this salad did not come together for me. You will need more salt than you think in order to enhance the flavor. The juice from the lime I squeezed was apparently very tart, I had to add a couple of pinches of sugar in order to take the aggressive bite off. I also let it sit for a couple hours to see if the flavors would "pop" or come together, they didn't. There are so many other great carrot salads out there, this one really isn't worth the time.Slimy, time consuming and bland. I kept rereading the recipe to discover the ingredient I missed. I wish I knew what the other reviewers did to make this palatable.
easy and nice make ahead dish
I think that it would make a good salad too. Patsy
Nicely simple and a perfect accompaniment for a whole host of dishes. Try tossing in a vinagrette dressing for a changeMy experience with this recipe is a variation I found elsewhere. Instead of carrot curls it called for cherry tomatoes, I opted to use giant globe grapes...WOW! What a combination. Savory, pungent bleu cheese paired with sweet, juicy grapes. The walnuts and celery add texture and balance. Prep is a bit tedious but I recommend a small serated tomato corer to scoop out the grape seeds. I have prepared this for parties I've catered as well as for friends and there are never any left. An explosion of flavor in a bite-size snack.
Nice idea, these flavors go great together and it's something to make in advance, but they just didn't go over at the last party...more effort than its worth to fill the curls...it could be modified so that the cheese is in a bowl to spread on diagonal carrot slices, or on crackers.Too bad I didn't read the reviews first--this soup was a real disappointment. In addition to agreeing that the cook time was too short, I would add that the orange zest and juice gave the soup an odd metallic flavor. I would also grate the carrots and potatoes before cooking to make it go faster and make processing smoother. More ginger might have helped, too.
really bad.
Thanks to all the helpful comments in the other reviews. I ended up making a recipe inspired by this one that turned out very well. I substitued sweet potatoes for the idaho potatoes and used 6 cloves of garlic in place of the shallots. I didn't use tabasco or soy sauce. I just put chunks of carrots (I used baby carrots as one commenter suggested) and sweet potatoes in the slow cooker with everything else and cooked it on Low for seven hours. Then I blended it. Easy, flavorful, healthy. I didn't rate the recipe because I made so many changes but I'd give my version 3.5 stars.
Wish I had read the reviews before making this recipe (had it printed out in a book). I made it for a party and it was just so so. It took much longer than two hours to cook so it wasn't ready on time. Made exactly as recipe stated. Strong taste and not that pleasant. Will thin out leftovers somehow. Would not make this again.
I followed the advice of others and substituted mushroom broth and sweet potatoes. I added milk, which helped to thin it and make it creamier, but I still felt that something was missing. Then I tried adding 4 teaspoons of cumin to the recipe and that proved to be the magic touch. I serve it cold and find it refreshing in the summer.
Very bland. I followed the recipe exactly and it was missing something. I just don't know what!
Also did this as stovetop by simmering for about 50 minutes after boiling and it worked fine. My wife and I have different thresholds for "heat", so I backed off on the Tabasco for the main batch and added to mine individually. Very good flavor and consistency.
Our household loves this soup - hot or cold! My recipe modifications: I don't use a slow cooker, use more carrots, substitute sweet potatoes for 1/2 the potato requirements, use mushroom broth instead of chicken, add 2-3 tbsp. of olive oil, add some white wine while cooking.
I agree with the other reviewers, in that the cooking time is off; four hours was the magic time. I've made several carrot soups before, all heavily dairy-product based and, though delicious, I always felt guilty eating them. Not so with this one *S*. I added 1/2 tsp of kosher salt at the beginning and 1 cup of skim milk at the end because it was a little too thick. Hint, I used bagged baby organic carrots; it definitely cut down on prep time.
Plan on at least four hours cooking time. This recipe is too large for a 4-quart slow cooker (found out the hard way) but a 5 or 6 quart should do fine. I would limit the soy sauce to 2 tablespoons max, and go the rest of the way with salt, as more soy sauce will darken the good color of this soup. If I make carrot ginger soup again, I'll search for another recipe.
a delicious way to sneak in some extra veggies
Before you make this check the "Test-Kitchen Notes" link on the recipe page. It warns that the timing is all off for crock pot cookery! However, it did make a nice soup cooked on the stove top. The ginger seems to brighten and freshen the flavor of the soup, enhancing the carrot flavor.
Well, it says to use a slow-cooker, but I don't own one. So, I improvised and made it as a stove-top soup, and it turned out just fine. In fact, it's deeee-lish!!! I didn't have shallots or onions (which I don't like anyway), so I substituted celery for shallots, and purΘed the first three ingredients, along with 3 large cloves of garlic, in my food processor and fried the "mash" in 1 Tbsp each of sesame and olive oil for about 5 mins., then added the rest of the ingredients and boiled it all at a medium heat (a vigourous boil) for about 1 hour (give or take 10 mins.) with the lid on the pot (otherwise, too much liquid would evaporate). I also chose to make this with vegetable broth to have a vegetarian dish. The orange zest and juice add such a surprisingly wonderful burst of flavour, which still come through above the heat from the tabasco and the tange from the soy sauce! It's nice with yogurt, but I have a feeling that with sour cream it'll be "outta-this-world" good, so I plan to pick some up on the way home from work tonight. I ended up with just over 2 litres of soup when I was done. This recipe is a keeper! YUM!!!
Bland! And there is no way it will cook in a crock pot in two hours! I had to dump it in a soup kettle and cook it on top of the stove.
Very nice soup. I think it's a great dish for a summer dinner outside served with a fresh baguet and a green salad and of course COLD dry white wine. When I made it I did add a little more ginger. Then when it was served I used plain yogurt instead of sour cream then topped off with fresh chives. Very simple to make and it also looks beautiful.UPDATE: after watching a few videos on YouTube about how to make Barfi I realize that what this recipe is missing is LIQUID. All the other ones I saw added about a cup of either milk, cream, or water. I was making mine dairy-free so I added about a cup of water, put my separated mess back into the cuisinart, and whipped it up to the correct consistency. This is a really helpful video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6oZEvYcDiC8
TERRIBLE. I followed this recipe word for word and when the cashew paste got into pan with the sugar and started heating up, all the fat separated out and it left a clump of nut-butter and sugar sitting in a pool of oil. No amount of arduous stirring (over well over 20 min) helped to homogenize this mess. Ugh.
This recipe is fabulous! I made the fudge as the recipe suggested (instead of boiling water, I just soaked the cashews for two hours in room temperature water with a dash of rose water). However, this recipe is wonderful, if for no other reason than being a base recipe from which it is easy to make adjustments according to what you want to make -- i.e. want to put chocolate in it? Add cocoa powder during the heating process or blending process. Want to make peanut butter fudge instead? Use peanuts. This recipe is absolutely wonderful!The volatility of the hot oil, exploding mustard seeds and added spices was a distraction. And after all of that the flavors were not very interesting. I would not make this again.
I have made this many times and it is always a hit. It is flavorful and so easy! I do double the ingredients for the sauce, though
I really did not like this at all. I won't make it again.
Bland. I also don't like the flavor of the mustard seeds after they are cooked. They have a fishy flavor. If you make this, definitely use the cilantro. It was the only flavor I liked.
For the ease with which this dish is put together it is well worth fourth forks for the results. The flavors mixed nicely. Lemon and coriander are a must!
Be careful with the temperature while cooking the mustards seeds, as mustard easily loses flavour when temperature's too high. I added lime juice instead of lemon because I think it has a bit more fragrance. I also used some ground coriander as I don't like fresh. Very good combined with a beef curry.
This is more like a 2 1/2 forker. We liked the subtle flavor (had to use yellow mustard seeds as I couldn't find black... hey, I'm stuck in Nebraska!) and it didn't clash with the curry dish I fixed along with it.
If you are not familiar with the method for cooking the mustard seeds, please don't repeat my mistake! Be careful of the temperature you are cooking at, and think twice about stirring while they are popping...I ended up with mustard seeds and oil all over my kitchen and the ginger burnt up when I added it....all in all the dish was pretty bland, though my husband and 6 year old enjoyed it.
cauliflower sauteed with indian spices is one of my favorite veggies from childhood. :-) for those who combined it with the cauliflower/coriander/cumin recipe -- to make the whole process a little easier, you can also add the cumin + coriander from that recipe into the oil along with the ginger + turmeric. this way you skip the added step of putting the dish in the oven (plus, one less dish to clean!). also, i would reduce the amount of water used for steaming, and allow the final cooking to happen dry so that the cauliflower browns/caramelizes a bit.
Taking the advice of the Cook from Boston 04/25/99 I combined this and ROASTED CAULIFLOWER WITH CORIANDER AND CUMIN SEEDS. It was spicier and quite tasty
My personal favorite cauliflower recipe, even those who don't care for cauliflower, love. I use fennel seeds, garlic, tumeric, and salt. It's from one of my favorite Indian cookbooks. Sautee the garlic in gee until it just begins to brown slightly, toss in about 1/4 t. fennel seeds per serving, match amount of tumeric, salt lightly, and steam without adding any water, over med heat, covered, until steam escapes lid, (about 4-6 minutes. The cauliflower must be in bite size pieces.)
If this dish is made following the recipe, it falls short. However, if the spices are altered slightly, it becomes much better. Try adding garam masala, cumin, a litte red pepper, and some coriander. This will greatly improve the taste.
Looking for a an Indian-style roasted cauliflower dish, I combined this recipe with ROASTED CAULIFLOWER WITH CORIANDER AND CUMIN SEEDS. I used this recipe as the "prep" step before starting the 2nd recipe. My dinner partner said: "thumbs up, it's a keeper." Combining the 2 gives the extra spice oomph lacking in each.
This had a bright, refreshing taste, without the muddy or bitter taste of some Indian vegetable dishes. It did seem to need more complexity. With a little adjustment, it could be a great dish. I'd like to know what others think.
I will try again changing some spice, maybe more gimger and less the other ones, and I will send you the resultsimple, good recipe for a family dinner -- perfect for when you want a simple veggie side dish of more than just steamed cauliflower -- seems like there's a dearth of useful recipes like this
I used this recipe because I was short of time and had to use up some cauliflower that I had in the fridge. This was not a bad recipe, easy to prepare, but not the kind of recipe I usually source this site for. I standardly shy away from recipes that use the microwave oven, although it was very convenient to use it for this recipe today.This is a recipe for buckwheat pancakes and caviar, not blinis. There is no good reason to create a recipe for a prepackaged item. This was quite the waste of time.
Worthless recipe for blinis! Why even post this?!?
Buckwheat pancake mix masquerading as blini? Is this REALLY epicurious material? I agree with Taash, Who needs epicurious or any other real recipes when you can just look at the side of the box of packaged mix. If you don't like authentic blini, then don't make them. But calling THESE blini is like calling lumpfish roe real caviar.
Oh snark snob, Taash. I've been doing something similar for years. I frankly don't care for yeast blinis--even at the Russian Tea Room. It might be best to call these buckwheat mini pancakes. They aren't really blini. I doubt that you have tried the Whole Foods mix. It is really quite good. I usually serve half paddle fish and half salmon, with creme fraiche or sour cream.
Working with yeast is easy, and frankly, without it, a key flavor component is missing. And mix, for crying out loud????? This isn't blini, it's really nasty not-quite-buckwheat pancakes. I happen to love buckwheat pancakes AND blini, and these are to blini what a Hostess cupcake is to a sacher torte. Why is this on Epicurious? It belongs on the side of the Bisquick box.This recipe was fine. My only issue was the celery root was ridiculously expensive. Not really worth it in the end.
Made for Thanksgiving and both cooks thought this was bland and flavorless, even though we had substituted yukon gold for the russets. In our case, couldn't taste the celeriac at all and ended up sauteing a couple cloves of garlic in salted butter and adding.
I feel bad saying it was just "okay"... The celery root is a bit of a bully, if I make it again it will cut way back and also add some herbs. There wasn't much in the way of flavor outside of celery. That said, I tend to be very light with the butter and dairy but it still felt like it was lacking. Great base to start with and make it your own.One of my rare epicurious failures - these were terrible. The dough TASTED great, and it was sticky-dry and formable, but the dumplings came out much too spongy and soft. A shame to waste them, I'll probably bake them into a frittata/quiche sort of thing.
I tried the cornmeal variation and it didn't seem to work out all that well. They fell apart and became mushy instead of firming up. I may try the standard recipe next time.
I found these very interesting on a personal level -- my grandmother (who grew up in Poland) taught my mother how to make something similar to this, which she called "lazy pierogi." (Kluski was the name of another dumpling she made with mashed potatoes.) I always knew that the lazy pierogis as we made them were an Americanized version (we used 1 egg + 1 C flour + 1 C cottage cheese) and that the original recipe used farmer's cheese (very hard to come by where we grew up), but I'd never been able to find a recipe for something similar until now. This recipe is much lighter and spongier than my grandmother's, and very tangy. These also stand well on their own, whereas I wouldn't dream of serving lazy pierogis without frying them in several pounds of sliced, very well-carmelized onions. I served this recipe with carmelized onions and although they were good, my whole family agreed they liked my grandmother's recipe much better. Next time I'll combine the two recipes (use half farmer's cheese/half cottage cheese and half flour/half farina) and see what happens. These were a bit too tangy, and we prefer a bit heavier texture, these were too spongy for us. I'd love to see another review soon!!I followed the recommendations of another reviewer and made a reduction with water and the spices and tea first. I thought this custard's flavor is delicious--I suspect that what maybe put people off is that the chai flavor does not resemble chai from American coffee shops (which I also adore) but rather the more subtle, less sweet flavor of South Asian masala chai on which the American beverage is based.
I made this exactly according to the recipe at the request of a client. Sorry to say it was not a big hit. The reports varied from just OK to slightly bitter. My spices and tea were fresh so I don't know what the problem could be.
I was surprised that there was indeed a mild pumpkin-like flavour, probably due to steeping the spices in the milk instead of water. Perhaps I'll try what the reader suggested about making a masala chai concentrate and using that. However, having said all that, we all loved it and will make it again. It is very satisfying and not too sweet.
I followed the directions & ingredients all the way, and was still dissapointed. I did get that weird pumpkin taste that another reviewer claimed. I am an avid fan of chai but I would not waste these ingredients on this recipe again.
We thought this was delicious. The chai flavor is a bit delicate, subtle even. If you want a stronger flavor, take the advice of someone who suggested making the tea and reducing it, or just double the spices. I added a few whole allspice berries and a few white peppercorns to the tea, and I bundled it in a coffee filter to steep instead of straining (I hate straining). I subbed 1/2 & 1/2 for the milk, 1/2 cup Splenda and 1 tsp molasses for the brown sugar, and forgot to add the orange peel. I also baked it in one dish instead of individual ramekins. I will definitely be making this again.
My husband and I were both dissappointed by this recipe. Made it Christmas day just for our family. Don't know what it was about the recipe just not our taste.
Um... erg... no... Despite being a passionate chai person with about six loose varieties of tea in the pantry, something about this wasn't right. Too tannic maybe, too spicy maybe -- don't know. But this is so expensive to make, uses so many eggs, and chocolate or vanilla pots de creme are so much more of a "hit" with guests. Mine made faces at the taste of this. :(
I love chai, and I was very excited about this dessert. But, alas. It was just okay. If this were a low fat recipe, I would probably make it again, but with this many egg yolks and cream, I was expected something more delicious a bit more delicious. I served it at a dinner party, and noticed that there were many custard cups only half empty when I cleared the plates.
Very unusual and delicious. I used 5 oz. souffle cups and filled them only about a half full.
When I made these everyone raved about them. I did not have any loose English breakfast tea; so I used another kind of loose tea that I had on hand. It still came out great. I did find that it took longer than 30 minutes to cook. Mine took about twice that amount of time. But that differnce might be because I used a convection oven. I plan on making these again very soon.
The fun thing about massala chai is that you can essentially use any kind of tea and/or spices you like. If you go with your own tastes and instincts, it's really hard to mess up. I drink chai quite regularly but I use different herbal blends (black currant with a few chammomile flowers has been my favorite so far) and whatever spices I have on hand. Generally, I go with a few whole cloves, stick cinnamon, a generous dash of anise seed, and a few peppercorns. I've never added vanilla bean (although I do like the idea), and while my best friend does add fresh nutmeg and ginger to his, I don't usually keep such things around the house, other than ground, which I'd rather not use for chai. For those of you felt it tasted like pumpkin, maybe it was the nutmeg? I absolutely adore chai, and I am thrilled to have this new creative way to enjoy it. Cheers!
A great recipe. It was my contribution to my friends Chinese hot pot dinner for Chinese New Year. I didn't get any pumpkin taste (!?), but did a few alterations to the recipe, I made a very strong reduction of the spices and tea ahead of time and also added a Tahitian Vanilla bean to the grouping. I did the reduction in about 1.5 cups of water and reduced it slowly down to 2 tablespoons. Once it was good and concentrated I continued on with the recipe as usual. I made anise waffers to go on top as well. It was a hit.
I found this dish beautiful. I don't like very sweet desserts so this was just right. Only thing I would change is the name. "Chai" just means tea, but the spiced tea referred to in this recipe is Masala Chai (Masala Tea).
I also ended up with 4. I agree that it had a pumpkin / squash taste that I didn't like, but my dinner guests said was fine. I let mine set and cool a bit before pouring into the custard cups, and the foam did cling together and stay in the pan. I served them with some almond lace cookies and they looked great, but I just didn't care for the taste.
These are good, but I would probably lean towards making chocolate pots de creme. I did alter the recipe out of necessity. I needed to use up some cream, but did not have ginger or cardmom on hand, so I steeped three chai tea bags in the milk and cream.
These were alright. Everyone who tried it said it tasted like pumpkin pie, the tea flavor didn't come through very strong. I only got 4, not 6 - there was not enough liquid to make 6. Be sure to let the sit before you put it into ramekins so that you don't get bubbles on the surface of the pots de creme. I didn't and mine were so bubbly and looked so bad, I bruleed the top of it and called it chai creme brulee. Serve with a crunchy cookie, like a florentine.I made for a wedding shower and everyone loved them. I got a lot of recipe requests. You do not need to butter the sandwiches to get the chives to adhere--they'll stick to the filling. These are beautiful and festive.
Served these as an appetizer, and 5 out of 6 people enjoyed them very much. Next time I will use a sweeter onion, chopped finer than I did this time. My guests said that they thought of "Wimpy Burgers" from Popeye when they first saw them. Will make this again!
I made these for a party and my guests loved them.
This recipe was terrible. They looked pretty and were easy to make, but tasted terrible. Guests of all ages and food interests agreed it was bad. They politely tried one and left me with plenty at the end of the party. I salvaged my left overs by toasting the sandwiches the next day.I made these from the magazine before I read the reviewers' comments. Had I read them, I wouldn't have bothered, and I won't make it again. I struggled and ended up making them just as chezshea instructed--if you are interested in this recipe, follow what she says. Even so, I didn't like the flavor or the grease of this dish. There is a recipe for parmesean fricos on this website that is similar but much better.
Very easy and impressive. Let them cool completely for the crispiest texture. Be patient taking them out of the pan. If some of the cheese starts to tear while taking them out of the pan, cook for a minute or so longer. I did not find them to be greasy, perhaps due to the high quality cheese I used.
I've made these three times now. Tricks: preheat the pan for the first batch, over low heat (don't add cheese to a cold pan). Once the pan is preheated, I found that I could crank these out pretty quickly. The heat needs to be just right ... enough to melt the cheese and turn it golden brown. Then I found it was easy to slide a thin metal spatula underneath and lift them from the pan, and then drape them over a rolling pin. To those who said they were too greasy: I wiped the rolling pin after each "batch"; removed from rolling pin after only a few seconds and put on a metal rack. My husband and I and guests thought they were great. Once I made them a day in advance and put them in zip-lock bag and they were fine. I found them to be very crispy (though I would not attempt on a very humid day). If you don't cook them enough (til browned all over), they will not be crisp.
Way too greasy. Now I understand why you add flour, freeze and slice.
easy to do with a little practice. good with out the caynne too. Great "crunchy" for atkins dieters.
Funnily enough, I inexplicably quadrupled the cayenne pepper in the recipe. Even funnier, the extreme heat this resulted in was the only redeeming thing about this recipe. While I did manage to get a crispy texture, probably by using a really good pan on low heat, the entire idea of a chip made entirely of cheese is something that may need to be left to the theoretical rather than the practical. This recipe can make even the most accomplished chef look as if they had an accident while trying to make nachos.
As other reviewers have said, these did not come as crispy as advertised. But my husband, like so many others, is on the Atkins diet and desperate for something with a crispy mouth-feel and that looks vaguely like the salted snacks he has left behind. He was quite pleased with them so I have made them now a couple of times. I will make them again, following the recommendations of the other reviewers.
Lacy? Chips? Crispy? Blobby is more like it. And when I finally got it "right" I was doing them one at a time. Naw, too much trouble.
This can be accomplished much, much more easily by using a Silpat and baking them. Refer to the Parmesan Crisp recipe on this site. I usually omit the flour or cut it back on that recipe. It doesn't have the lacy texture...but it isn't nearly the pain to make.
This recipe can be made in a much easier manner. Set your oven to broil, about 350-400. Put the cheese in small piles on the cookie sheets. Watch carefully... as soon as the cheese gets really bubbly, pull out of the oven - This works well with any kind of cheese! Note - you don't have to make the chips "curl" to make them taste good, but if you choose to, use something metal or glass and spray it with coooking oil. (A drinking glass works well!)
Have to agree with other reviews that it takes longer than 4-5 minutes. I worked on other things as they were cooking, so time-wise it wasn't too bad. You just had to keep an eye on them. I thought they tasted pretty good, and my guests all liked them. I had two complaints. 1)Mine didn't really achieve the "crispiness" I was hoping for. 2)Visually they didn't look as "lacey" as they did in the magazine. Not sure if that was too much cheese or what. I didn't think it made for a very attractive presentation. I think in the future I'd just use cheese straws or something similar.
This dish just doesn't work. I did have some success after waiting longer (8 minutes + ) just as some of the other cooks have stated, but I was forced to do them one at a time and they ruined my rolling pin in the process. If you still want to try, put foil on the rolling pin first. The flavor is ok, the process stinks and the results are only iffy. Not worth it.
Yes, patience is required! But they certainly disappear much more quickly than they appear...in my enthusiasm I also tried this with pepper jack. Also yummy! I can't wait to experiment with different cheeses and different seasonings.
These require PATIENCE! They are not hard, but it's tricky to decide when they are ready to go - I found (on my stove) that 4-5 minutes were not long enough on low for them to be removed... so, i ended up on a medium low for about 8 minutes... they looked beautiful and tasted great! But don't get frustrated, they'll work for you - you just have to watch them, and play with them to see if they'll pick up...
Delicious and so easy! I used preshredded cheese and cooled the chips flat, so they took much less time. Addictive!Oh...and I did sour skim milk because I had some lying around. I keep sour milk around for baking because there's no use wasting it. It turned out fine in place of the whole milk they call for.
I thought these turned out great, but only because I changed a few things. 1. Butter instead of oil 2. Added a tsp of salt 3. Doubled the cheese I also find they're good if you put hashbrown potatoes in them, use dill instead of chives, or make really any change. It makes a pretty good fluffy base (as long as you add butter and salt), and then do whatever flavor your like. The key is to flavor this scone your way instead of theirs.
These were not yummy at all!! They had an overwhelming dry/flour-ly taste to them, which prevented us from tasting any other the other delicious ingredients. If you want a good Cheddar Cheese Scone recipe, I would suggest the one featured in the Mangia cookbook...it is delicious!!
Will make again in a fashion! Definitely not the cheddar scone I was looking for - needs the incorporation of butter for richness and flavor. So will likely modify the other recipe for cheese scones on this site (Cheese & Pesto)to include the 1 cup of cheddar,chives and sesame seeds. Hopefully salted butter or unsalted with a pinch of salt will remedy some of the lack of flavor. Unfortunately I bought self-rising flour just for this one, so will likely still try to incorporate it's use-but expect to get some lift from the butter particles!! The appearance of these was lovely(so gave it two fork rating)and a yes for again as I think some of the basic ideas are worth keeping!
Very bland. Wish I'd read the reviews before I started this recipe. Then I'd have known that the recipe needs more salt. As my husband said of the recipe, "It's not a keeper."
Rather bland, not cheesy enough for us.
Made mini-scones and used spring onions instead of chives. Also, omitted the dijon...didn't miss it one bit.
The scones came out really well. Thanks for the tip about the salt--I added some, and it made a difference. Since I didn't have any whole milk, I used skimmed, but it didn't seem to make any difference. Adding the chives is a great idea!
zzzzzz - a pretty boring scone. I would definetley add salt if you're going to make these. Also, not sure what the significance of "self-rising" flour is. I just used all-purpose and it was fine (of course the scones in the pic look much fluffier than mine - perhaps it's the flour) Oh well. I found nothing special about these scones.
Had to make a couple substitutions because I was out of sesame seeds and chives, so added chervil and sprinkled poppy seeds on top. Yummy! This one's a keeper, although next time I will add a pinch of salt to the dough.
Great for tea-time, but they are also great forluncheons or dinner. They are also a great brunch addition. Make alot of them because they go fast and the cook usually misses out!
Fun to make with a grandchild, but I was not crazy about them.I had these at a tea house and I wish they had given me a whole plate of them. Now I just need to figure out where and which Major Grey chutney to buy.
I like Major Grey's chutney and hated these. I threw away the cheddar/chutney mix at 11pm the night before my daughter's tea party.
These sandwiches are really good and I've made them several times for small parties. I don't know why they aren't more highly rated here. I do reduce the chutney by about 1/4, and I also add a pinch of ground tumeric and 1/2 t of ground coriander for more flavor.
The cheddar is WAY too heavy for the chutney. Perhaps a lighter cheese would be better but there are other recipes out there and I don't feel like tweaking this one.
A much simpler thing to do is to put a slice of good sharp cheddar and a dollup of major grey's chutney together on good bread (or a biscuit!). It is a winning combination when done simply.
The combination of flavors tasted good, but the filling was much to soppy to use as a sandwich filling. I ended up serving it as an open-faced sandwich. Although it was tasty, I wouldn't make it again.
I was looking for a different sandwich recipe to prepare for lunches to take to work and decided to try this one. Thought it was so-so at best and kind of strange at worst. Would not make it again--although the cheddar chutney toasts on this website look good, so might try them instead. As far as tea sandwiches go, I hosted a bridal shower this summer and prepared a lot of better ones from this site than this
I made these for a bridal shower, and the guests raved about these! I used unsalted butter on the edges rather than the mayo.
I omitted the coriander and the mayonnaise and spread the mixture on toasted crumpet quarters. Yummy!
To my taste this combination of flavors did not work at all. My guests hardly touched these. (There is a chicken tea sandwich with smoked almonds recipe on this site that is just delicious!).
Fantastic. Instead of coating with mayo and dipping in cilantro, I sprinkled cilantro on top of cheddar/chutney mix before closing sandwiches, and served with cilantro scattered on top to identify them. I will add more chutney next time. Definitely try this one--the most popular at a shower/tea, and great on its own as a lunchtime sandwich!
I used this recipe for a open house tea party. It was one of the outstanding tea sandwichs. I made the filling the nite before and made sandwichs morning of. i used a sweet black Russian Rye with raisins as the bread. I made a second time and used a different chutney and it was NOT as good.
I made this for a wedding shower also. However, I cut down the sour cream a little bit and upped the cream cheese a bit, and served it with crackers instead of between bread. Not that it didn't make good sandwiches, but we had four different types already on the menu and wanted something different.
I thought this was delicious, although I see how it might be an acquired taste. I made a bunch of these for a wedding shower, and everyone gobbled them up and wanted the recipe.
This recipe turned out to be a disappointment... I used mango chutney with the cheddar and sour cream -- it was a strange combination that I wouldn't advise repeating. After an initial taste, I decided not to serve this to my guests. Perhaps another reader found a more appealing blend of ingredients.I'm an American living in Spain. Let me tell you that when fall rolls around, the idea of cornbread sounds amazing. So I decided to embark on the creation and found this recipe. My English boyfriend had not yet tried cornbread so I saw the opportunity to impress and show our great food to him. Well... this recipe was a great disappointment to my surprise! Beautiful to look at, tempting as all hell, but drier than the Sahara! I gave my dog a nibble and he coughed for about 5 minutes! I ended up putting them out in the plaza for the local drunks to munch on. Somehow I feel that was cruel, but then again, it can satisfy hunger. Anyways, this recipe should be removed. Waste of money and time.
These turned out really nice, but I added more buttermilk than specified in the recipe. I used stoneground cornflour and was worried they'd turn out really hard if I did not put in enough liquid. Not sure how much I ended up adding, but the final mixture was quite liquid - similar to the one you'd make for crepes.
Not great - stone ground is not the way to go, as these just were gritty. I added extra liquid based on extra reviews, so avoided the dryness problem. However, you couldn't even taste the cheddar at all. Don't bother with these.
I've loved all things Epicurious for years but this is the first time I'm reviewing as these were just terrible. As one reviewer said, nice to look at but very (!!!!!) dry. Like hard to swallow dry. That said, I did not make it to go with a chili but to be a gluten-free bread at a work Thanksgiving potluck. I was embarrased to bring them. The butter is awesome and helps but few people slather butter on things these days. I have many leftover and will try cubing & drying for stuffing. If you're after a YUMMY savory cornbread, choose this instead http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Cheddar-Buttermilk-Corn-Bread-107468?mbid=ipapp
I made this for Thanksgiving and they were a total disaster! I chopped the Jalapenos and added them to the batter and I also topped the muffins with a this slice of jalapenos. They turned out looking great but were super dry (and I added a half cup broth on the suggestions of other reviews that they were dry). I found the stone ground corn meal to add a grittiness to the muffins. I would never make this again : (
This was not my favorite =[ I shared with 3 guests and none of them especially cared for it either. If you like dry cornbread you may like it...
This is yucky! DO NOT TRY!
I am 7 weeks pregnant and have been craving really random things. Lately it's been cheddar jalapeno corn muffins, and then there they were in my inbox! They really hit the spot. I minced a jalapeno and put it in the batter, and cut the salt in half since everyone else seemed to think they were too salty. They hit the spot!
I am 7 weeks pregnant and have been craving really random things. Lately it's been cheddar jalapeno corn muffins, and then there they were in my inbox! They really hit the spot. I minced a jalapeno and put it in the batter, and cut the salt in half since everyone else seemed to think they were too salty. They hit the spot!
I could tell by the batter that these guys would be on the dry side, particularly as I dry fried fresh corn-off-the-cob in Cumin and Coriander seed. To remedy this I added a 1/4 cup of rich corn stock I made during the summer. Perfect. Great with chili.
Well, I never! What kind of person puts sugar in cornbread? I'm clutching my pearls at the apostasy of it all. Can't wait to try it both ways and see for myself.
I would NEVER add sugar, and cornbread is meant to be dry to eat with the juices that it sops up. It's great with chili and beef stew. My jalapeno loving husband loves these!
I have made these three times now - for two separate Thanksgiving celebrations and also for a potluck. I like to think of these divine little muffins as a classic Southern cornbread dressed to impress. As the description states, this a savory recipe and not meant to be sweet. I omitted the salt (the cheese does the trick!) and used canned corn. Fantastic! I cannot wait to make again with a hearty chile.
I agree with the previous comments. I'm more familiar with sweet cornbreads and mexican style cornbread pudding. I read the recipe several times looking to see if I missed an ingredient,sweetening, and next time I will add some. I have an intolerance to peppers so I added some crystalized ginger and poppyseed for the kick-liked that
This was a nice recipe for corn bread but I would leave out the extra salt next time, all the added cheese makes the muffins salty enough. Next time I will add a little more corn for sweetness, maybe a touch of honey and possibly add some of the jalapeno into the mix itself.
Quick and easy and quite delicious. Jalapenos are not to easy to find here so I sprinkled some Cayenne Pepper on top before the cheese.Also used canned corn as suggested. In the file to make and make again. Probably more than enough butter in recipe without adding more with Jalapenos anyway.
These were pretty good and very quick and easy to make. The outside of these muffins crisp up really nicely. Only changes I made to the recipe were omitting the corn and instead of using the jalapeno butter, I finally chopped the jalapeno and added it into the batter. Don't skip the top cheese, and next time I would probably add a bit more than called for. These went great with chili!
My husband made these to go with the "Broiled Chicken, Romaine & Tomato Bruschetta" recipe & they were good. A little dry but good. I think next time use creamed corn?I made these muffins to go along with breakfast and they are great. Delicious and interesting with the hint of heat from the cayenne. I am planning to serve them with some Mexican fare next time I make them. I recommend this recipe.
x
These weren't anything great. I was very disappointed. I won't be making these again.
These muffins were really delicious. I used a half of a teaspoon of cayenne and increased the cheddar by about a quarter cup. Next time I might try a little jalapeno for an extra kick!
Moist without being greasy. Tender texture. The cayenne gave them a nice kick.
Really moist, buttery, muffins, very tasty. Substituted yellow corn meal instead of white & it tasted great!I liked the relish, but it didn't get a lot of love from my friends. Since it's a party recipe, and most people don't love it, I doubt I'll make the relish again. But the crisps were a big hit with everyone. I'll make them again.
My gifted cooking buddy made the relish for a party last week and it was exceptional. Sweet, salty and surprising from the orange zest.I will make it often.
On the advice of other cooks, I skipped the grape relish and filled the crisps with roasted red pepper walnut spread. They tasted like "those fancy deli cheese twists" according to my husband, and the guests at my Oscars party gobbled up two batches of them. However, the crisps were a lot of work for something that tastes like crackers from the store.
The small crisps were nothing but FABULOUS. Since I didn't have the ingredients for the grape relish, I filled them with homemade peperonata (bell peppers, mushrooms, red onion, garlic, olives, capers, etc.)...it was to die for ! Can't wait to find another idea for the filling ! What a wonderful recipe !!!
I thought this recipe was fabulous. I've made it twice, the second time with seedless black grapes which made for a better more colorful presentation. I would recommend that you double the recipe for the cheddar crisps, and just hand press them into flat 'chips', otherwise the relish falls right off the puffed muffin-like forms. But I love this sweet/olive sharp cheddar combination!
The relish was such a weird combination and an awful lot of chopping for such a marginal result. I really wanted to like it! I just served it to 30 people and about 2 tablespoonsful were consumed.
I loved this. I thought the relish was the best part, and apparently so did my husband, because he ate about half the relish recipe before I could get it into the crisps!
Creating this recipe taught me to follow my instincts when first reading a recipe...if a flavour combination sounds like it wouldn't taste appealing, it probably won't. I made this as an appetizer for a special dinner for my mom and sister. The cheddar crisps were fun and I would make them again, but with a more appropriate topping, like a slice of proscuitto. The grapes were just too sweet to combine with the savory ingredients, especially the green olives. I suggest using the cheddar crisps warm out of the oven with a tasty mediterranean inspired spread on top.
Took this appetizer to a party and recieved rave reviews. I served with this Tostido Scoops as well as the cheddar crisps as the crisps turned out very small.
I made this for a small dinner party and, unfortunately, I was the only person out of four who liked it. All agreed that the cheddar crisps were good, but didn't like the combination that made up the filling. I compromised and gave it 2 forks, but wouldn't make it again. Still, the roasted grapes in olive oil, salt and pepper were fantastic and I'll definitely be using them in another dish-- tossed into a salad or maybe a risotto milanese just prior to serving?I made this dip this past weekend for a family party I was hosting. I had never tried it before. I didn't have the sesame seeds but had everything else and even added some cream cheese and warmed it up as the other reviewers suggested. I thought it was disgusting and so did all my guests. No one ate it at all. The beer gave it a very strong yeast flavor that overwhelmed the dip. It was awful. I'll never make it again.
I made this over the weekend, hoping to find a new easy appetizer, but I wasn't nearly as impressed as the other reviewers. It was rather bland and uninspiring as directed, so I added a little cream cheese, some more mayo, and some diced green chilies. I ended up heating the dip (350 for about 20 min) and served it with wheat crackers. It was much better warm than it was cold - maybe two and a half to three forks - but as directed at room temp, I'd only give it one or two forks. The dip was extremely filling so we had a lot of leftovers, and I was pleasantly surprised that the flavors had melded a little better overnight such that the next day, it was quite a bit better - even though it was cold. Unfortunately, we still just weren't all that interested in it, and most of it got thrown out. If I were to ever make it again - and I'm not sure I would - I'd probably make it a day ahead, then heat it and serve it in a bread bowl as someone else suggested. When warm, it's almost a fondue consistency and might be good with rye or pumpernickel break chunks.
This was easy to prepare--actually, I made it the night before a party and it was still tasty. I did add some cream cheese for creaminess, and I also served the dip hot in a breadbowl. Watch out, though. It is for salt-lovers only!
This was a great recipe for a party. It was missing something though, so I heated it for 30 min on 325. Came out great.I'm surprised at some of the negative comments. I have made these a number of times and am always very pleased with the results. I use flour in my regular skillet cornberead but no flour makes since for the sticks. I always cut the recipe in half since I have ony one stick pan. A definite keeper.
These were gone in minutes. So good. I didn't have a corn stick pan so I made them in a cast iron skillet and cut them into sticks. I did forget to add the cheese until I'd already poured the batter into the pan, so I sprinkled it over the top before it went in the oven. I actually think it was better that way because the crusty cheese was delicious.
Not enough punch for my family! It was very, very bland. I decided to change it a bit and make my usual! I use white cornmeal (buttermilk version), plus I still use buttermilk & one egg to mix it all together. I then add about 2 cups of Monterey Jack Cheese, one medium-large red onion, 1 jar of green chilies, 5 fresh jalepenos, (3 green and 2 red) including some of the seeds to give it some punch. I use Crisco Oil, not butter, in the mix, and also in my cast iron skillet, so the cornbread will not stick. Being raised in the southeast, most people I know, "do not" put sugar in their cornbread and we use white not yellow cornmeal, including myself! After writing this, I think I'm going to have this for dinner with a roasted chicken w/sage, butter beans and sauted new potatoes! Yummie!
Great taste, made them for a pot luck and they were all gone. They were good even cold!
Not a keeper for us. I also thought there must be a misprint not with no flour. Even with all of the high flavor ingredients (sharp cheddar, onion and jalapenos) there wasn't much flavor in the finished product and without the flour they seemed very greasy/fatty with out the expected flavor. Will go back to our standard cornbread with some jalapenos for kick to go with our chili.
Made the skillet version. Thought it was pretty good. Will try more cheese and jalapenos next time.
I didn't think this bread had very much "corn bread" flavor and if it wasn't for the Jalapeno's, it wouldn't have had much taste at all.
This is a tasty partner to a hot bowl of spicy Chili. I used 4 Tablespoons of Jalepenos. 2 Fresh and 2 pickled. Also doubled the sugar. Very Tasty! Doug in Denver
Great corn stick recipe. I even bought the corn stick pan just to try it out. The more jalapeno the better. Don't over cook them, they get a little dry.
Was a little sceptical at first thinking there might be a mis-print because the recipe doesn't call for flour but tried it anyway using the skillet version and the family loved it - though one family member said it was a little spicy.
Very tasty and much more interesting than 'plain' cornbread. Definately would make these again.I enjoyed this dessert because it is not terribly sweet and has a nice light flavour. I did not use cottage cheese, but instead, I used full fat ricotta. I have also subsituted pinapple for the apple and used cystallized ginger instead of cinnamon. Anyway, the dessert is tasty.
IN MY EXPERIENCES, IT WAS TO SWEET, AND THE CHEESSE CONSISTENCY, WAS A LITTLE BIT HEAVY.This recipe was submitted by my sister and, yet, the bars did not turn out well for me. I think, perhaps, the translation from Italian to English measurements may be the culprit. I'll see if I can get some advice from her and post the results!
I thought this recipe was boring as an appetizer with drinks. However, I froze the left over bars, reheated them in the microwave oven and served them with soup one night and a dinner salad another evening and absolutely loved them in this capacity as did my husband. I will make these again to put back in the freezer and pull out as an accompaniment to soups and salads!
Used good quality cheese and found this to be delicious. Definitely a "bar" texture as opposed to bready. Great as hors d'oeuvre or with soup/salad/pasta.
This sounded great but was so dry a whole bottle of wine was consumed just to choke this bad boy down. Do not make this recipe ever!
This is absolutely tasteless and expensive to make. Would not recommend this one.
Terrible recipe. We ate it fresh the same night we made it and it was dry and tasteless. We grudgingly age a little bit and threw the rest in the garbage. A great way to waste of tasty and expensive ingredients, Do not make this recipe!!
I have never made a recipe from Epicurious that didn't have a review, but this sounded delicious. I made these for an open house and doubled the recipe. It was very easy but a bit on the dry side. I did made them ahead and warmed them up 2 days later, so that might have been the problem. They were still quite good. I did find that the measurements for the cheeses didn't match up too well -- cup and pound equivalents. I would make it again, but I wouldn't suggest making it ahead of time. I think it compromises the recipe's taste.We happen to like this a lot and have made it for my daughter and her family and usually give the extra sauce to my aunt and her husband and all think it's great. My daughter asked for the recipe. I usually serve it with pasta (penne or spaghetti).
EVO is extra-virgin olive oil. My sauce from scratch with fresh ingredients beats this hands down!
What, for the benefit of those in the antipodes, is EVO?
"Old-fashioned meat sauce?" Bolognese sauce has ground meat. Traditional meat sauce does not, nor does it rely on beef (except sometimes in combination with pork and/or veal), which does not provide adequate flavorings for the sauce. I'm amazed at the total lack of authentic sauce recipes on this site. The original thing isn't hard to make--unless you use all the wrong ingredients.
Added more herbs and EVO. Served with freshly prepared ravioli.
Basil and oregano are a definate must for this recipe. overall the recipe is good but the almost required spices are absent. I also added onion and some celery to add some very plesant taste to the recipe. 1 tsp of basil and oregano work well then add to taste.
There are many much better meat sauce recipes than this! I agree it is bland and needs much more olive oil, as well as herbs, garlic, etc. Disappointing.
PURCHASED cheese ravioli!! Why is this on this site?!?!?!?!?!?!?
The sauce was to bland. The garlic should have been minced to provide some extra zest. The sauce did not cook long enough to let the flavors marry.There should, in my humble opinion, have a little more extra virgin olive oil added.
I think that this is an excellent recipe for people who like cheese and pasta. I happen to love cheese myself. I would recommend this recipe to anyone.Tasty week night meal. Used all ingredients as written but will try balsamic vinegar as suggested by the previous reviewer next time. Served with baked sweet potatoes.
Quick, tasty and easy, this recipe is sure to please. The slaw, which I made with a few substitutions (white balsamic vinegar for cider; celery seeds for caraway), was so good raw we ate it that way, and had only two servings from a half cabbage. The smoked pork chops are hammy in flavor and their cooking time was literally 7 minutes. I think this recipe might lend itself to a number of cheeses; the Jarlberg onhand in the fridge melded smoothly with rose baises pepper. This recipe is Atkins and carb free diet friendly. I used Bush's baked beans to round out the main course.
Easy, quick and delicious... I made everything in 15 minutes or so. After assembling the slaw in a few short minutes, I found it good raw and left it that way for the anti-oxidant kick. Because my cupboard was inadequately stocked, I substituted white balsamic vinegar in place of cider and celery seed in place of caraway. I will definitely make this again year round. The chops were great with the Jarlsberg I had on hand and cooked up perfectly in 7 minutes flat.I don't think of roast beef as "steak".
Did anyone ever actually use this recipe - either as is or with modifications? For anyone who did, what did you think of it?
To all of you who've actually wasted time debating this stupid topic, here is the encyclopedia's definition of a Philly cheesesteak. Let me summarize for you: There is no right answer. "Philadelphia cheese steak, aka Philly cheese steak or simply cheesesteak (so named due to its origin in Philadelphia) is a sandwich often meeting the following criteria: It is made with a submarine or Hoagie roll (an oblong, typically 6" or 12" piece of latitudinally-sliced French or Italian bread). It contains a thinly-sliced, grilled piece of steak; American, provolone, or Swiss cheese, or cheese spread such as Cheez Whiz; and possibly other ingredients including grilled onions, green peppers, mushrooms, and/or pizza sauce (a Pizza Steak). The inventor of the cheesesteak was Philadelphian Pat Olivieri who combined chopped-up steak with a little onion and put it in a bun. He began selling the new confections at his hot dog stand. They became so popular he opened up his own cheesesteak restaurant in 1930. Much debate can be had in Philadelphia over what makes a Philadelphia cheese steak unique. Some believe it is the roll while others believe how fine the meat is chopped. Still others believe it is the cooking method. Philly cheesesteaks can be found throughout the U.S. and Canada at various sandwich restaurants, some of which specialize in or serve only cheesesteaks. Pat's Steaks and Geno's Steaks, both in South Philadelphia on the same street, are widely considered the best places to get a cheesesteak anywhere, though many Philadelphians develop a loyalty to a local neighborhood steak shop."
First, this looks like a nice steak sandwich, not a Philly Cheesesteak, but it doesn't claim to be. Second, Tony Luke's has the best sandwiches in Philly. The Roasted Pork Italian with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone and roasted peppers is alone worth a trip to the city. Third, Pat's or Geno's Cheesesteaks are only edible at 3 in the morning after a night of liquor overindulgence. Otherwise, yuck.
First, this looks like a nice steak sandwich, not a Philly Cheesesteak, but it doesn't claim to be. Second, Tony Luke's has the best sandwiches in Philly, the Roast Pork Italian with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone and roasted Italian peppers is alone worth a trip to the city. Third, Pat's or Geno's Cheesesteaks are edible, only at 3 in the morning, after a night of liquor overindulgence. Otherwise, yuck.
What I made tonight were especially excellent sandwiches, even though they were definitely NOT PHILLY Cheesesteak Sandwiches. Used extra onion and regular cold meat type sliced fat-free smoked turkey breast instead of roast beef. Since the cold meat is quite salty, I only used about 1/2 the amount (by weight) that was required. Also subbed baguette bread for the Italian. Used provolone cheese, as cheddar just would not have been right. YUM, YUM, YUM.
Well - I'm from Iowa so I don't know a "real" cheesesteak from an imposter! I did like this for a quick and reasonably healthy dinner. Turkey worked well in place of beef and I think you can skimp a bit on the butter.
This was one of the best sandwiches I have had in a long time. The fact that it is not a greasy "Philly" steak makes it even better. I went a little light on the butter, and heated the roll before broiling. You can have your whiz or whatever other garbage you put on your sandiches up there in Philadelphia - I like this one!
I'm from Philadelphia and have never had a cheesesteak with cheese whiz! This is a yupped up cheesesteak, definitely not a Philadelphia cheese steak. I agree that if you're in town, Tony Lukes is the place to go. Stay away from Pat's and Geno's unless you enjoy the tourist traps. Eat it and enjoy it if you've never had a cheesesteak, but for the real thing come to Philadelphia!
Some of you really have way too much time on your hands!
The sandwich was ok. Ridiculous argument going on here, by the way. First, the recipe does not claim to be for a "Philadelphia" cheesesteak. Second, the "Philadelphia" sandwich was ostensibly created in the 1930s and Cheez Whiz was not invented until the 1950s. Some other cheese must have been "original." I would put my money on provolone, but why the heck not use whatever cheese you like?
I'd make it again, but it needs some heat like tabasco or horseradish. I'm originally from southern California and I love chilis and hot stuff in my food. Not worth eating if there's not some zip to it. I think the Philly people are funny. Who cares if the recipe is different from what they say makes a "Philly Cheesesteak sandwich"? You eat them the way you like them and I'll eat them the way I like them. Free country still right?
If Boston Baked beans had to be done one way and one way only? Why would we be here? Looks like an interesting recipe. (Beans for what it is worth have been Boston Baked before Boston was even on the map).
i don't blame philly natives for being so defensive of their sandwich. they're not food snobs. they just grew up with their sandwiches being prepared a certain way, and that's home to them. who wouldn't say that mom's home cooking is the best the way natives say that their city's way of preparing a cheesesteak is "it"? i'll tell ya, nowhere else have i found hot dogs or italian beef like in the city i grew up in, chicago!
As printed, I give a 2, as I changed to my personal likes, I give a 3. Dear "bilfoy", this recipe simply states cheeseteak sandwich, not Philly cheesesteak, so please get over the ownership of "your sandwich". There is no snob like a food snob. I don't care for mushrooms, and don't know why all the talk about cheese whiz, it's not even listed on the ingredients. I used provolone and shaved beef and paper thin onion slices (because I don't like the texture of onions, but I do like the flavor). I think many times experienced cooks use recipes as a guideline based on their own preferences. So unless your name is part of the recipe itself, don't be so sensitive and critically offended, and even then just get over it already.
I agree with the last reviewer from Philadelphia. I grew up in Bethlehem which is about an hour north of the city and Cheez Whiz was hardly ever used where we were. Personally, I think its gross but everyone still knows thats how they do in Philly. Along with all of the other cheeses listed. In the suburbs you don't really see it but it does exist!
Hey Mass. - just because you never had a cheesteak with Whiz doesn't mean it's not the way we do it down here. There are actually different options (provolone for one) - but whiz is the original. Thankfully, here in Philly we do provide for a range of cheese choices. I believe this discussion was about what is traditional, and cheese whiz IS. Even folks who prefer not to eat it are aware of that. As for your claim of "born and raised in Philly" - uh huh. Which suburb?
Yes, I would make it again BUT -- Philly Cheesesteaks are usually made with Provolone but you can used any sliced cheese, definitely NOT Cheez Wiz. Those who talk Cheez Wiz are somewhat brain dead -- I have NEVER had a Philly Cheese Steak made with that stuff. I wouldn't use it for any thing. I was born and raised in Philly even though I now live in Massachusetts. Cheese Steaks were a staple in our household.
To Vancouver -- I concur with South Philly - Geno's is awful, I'm not a fan of Pat's but it's ok. I would also add Jim's Steaks on 4th and South as my personal favorite. And the cheez wiz IS traditional... but of course not the only option. Provolone or american are also common here in Philly.
For the best Philadelphia cheesesteak try Tony Luke's at Front & Oregon in South Philadelphia - good meat, rolls, cheese (no wiz). You won't be disappointed. Forget Pat's and Geno's. They're tourist traps. Oh, the recipe - it's ok for a sandwich, but not a real Philadephia cheesesteak if that's what you're after. And, honestly, why would you want anything else? ;)
It looks like we have a lot of food snobs here. "That's not a cheesesteak?" Come on, now! Who says there must be one kind? It's like saying "that's not a hamburger" just because it has mushrooms and Swiss on it instead of just lettuce, tomato and onion. Variety is the spice of life! And American cheese or cheesewhiz?? YUCK!!! I didn't even like that garbage when I was a kid.
Haven't tried this recipe yet, but would like to know where it says "Philly Cheesesteak" anywhere in the recipe?
Can't say that I've tried this recipe, but it doesn't look too appealing. For those looking for opinions on where to find the best Philly Cheesesteak, you can look here: http://www.roadfood.com/Forums/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=2912
Note that this recipe is not labeled as being a "Philly" cheesesteak. Having said that, I ordered a cheesesteak when I first moved to DC from the Philly suburbs 12 years ago. What I got was an actual steak, covered with gruyere on an open-face slice of bread. What the !!!! To the person from Vancouver, a lot of people still consider the original Pat's on Passyunk in South Philly to be the best -- although I'm sure you'll get plenty of differing opinions. Also, lots of times, you can great cheesesteaks (and hoagies and water ice) from local Mom and Pop places.
Gourmet seems to have gone off the deep end (and never visited Philadelphia). This is not a cheesesteak. Beyond the comments below on the meat, I point out you would never use cheddar on a cheesesteak. Provolone, american or cheesewiz, but never cheddar. It's an insult really
As a person born & raised in Phila, I'm sorry to admit that the "cheese steak" never rang my bell -- (and I actually like crusty scrapple.) I thought this sounded like an improvement over "cheese whiz." Now that I am over 50, I'm willing to give it another try. Will be in Phila (now resident of Canada) over Thanksgiving. What's the best place for the definitive cheese steak?
I'd rather see it made with steakums.Unless of course you used some nice sirloin tips but then it wouldn't even be a cheesesteak.
This is just wrong.
I have to agree with a couple of the other reviews. This tastes nothing like a Philly cheesesteak sandwich. I don't know what makes the difference, but I've tried them in just about every state from NJ west to CO and nobody seems to have it right.
Hey Yo! Makin' this would get you run outta Philly! *Soft* Italian roll?!! Surprised you didn't put mayo on it?!!
It is impossible to rate a cheesesteak or steak 'n cheese sandwich. There are so many variations. I like mine with SHAVED rare roast beef chopped up on the grill with extra mushrooms and american cheese melted right on the grill with the steak. This is good, but I prefer ordering my favorite from our friend's restaurant in town, that of which I described above.
You've got to be kidding!!!! This is not a cheesesteak! This is a poor imitation! Onions should be 1 inch cubes, cooked in oil, not butter. Beef should be raw Chip Steak, cooked in oil, pulled apart while cooking. Has to be on an Amoroso roll topped with either American Cheese or Cheezewhiz. I'm so tired of people screwing up our sandwich!
My sister-in-law from Philadelphia gets rare roast beef shaved. Otherwise, the pieces are too thick and globby and unpleasant to chew. Try it again with this variation and you might like the recipe better.
Ugh. This was really a waste of rare roast beef.
This a great hot roast beef sandwich, but it's just not a cheesesteak. I've been eating Philly-style cheesesteaks for many years and this is just not the same thing. Try substituting thinly sliced (raw) beef and sauteeing in a pan while pulling apart as much as possible using either 2 spatulas or forks, then following the rest of the recipe, which is not half bad.This was absolutely wonderful. The sauce was rich and delicious. I will definitely make this again. I used lindt chili dark chocolate, and thought this was great!
I was excited to make this recipe but was sadly disappointed. The stuffing mixture was ok (a bit plain for my liking but still nice), but the sauce ruined the dish for me. I found it too sweet, and the "chocolate-y" taste did not go well with the cheesy peppers at all. The vegetable mixture was nice but a bit bland. I think that if the sauce were left out and the veges perked up, it would be a very nice recipe.
I was looking for a stuffed poblano recipe since I needed to harvest mine. This looked interesting. When I was making it, I really wasn't sure. Well, it was FABULOUS!!! I still don't see where the 4 ounces of red wine come in, but would guess it should be added into the sauce, since I had to add some water to thin it down. I also would suggest roasting the peppers first on the grill or in a high oven to enhance the smoky flavor. I did. This is a definite do-over!This recipe was so awful, I just had to write a review. The texture was disgusting (gluey) and the taste was boring and bland. After my first few bites, I dumped the entire batch down the garbage disposal in disgust. I'm angry that I wasted my time and money on this loser. I prepared it exactly like the recipe dictated.
This was really quite yummy. I used fresh Niagara cherries instead of frozen. I also used 1/2 cup ramekins. I think next time I would cook it less, and grind the almonds more, because they were a little crunchy where I would have preferred a smoother texture.
I have made this recipe many times. I bake it for about 1 hour and 15 minutes in a 10x6 pyrex. I also add a shot of kirsch for flavor. My husband LOVES it.
I found this recipe to be easy and delicious, but a couple of my guests didn't like the texture. I think that this is going to be typical of any clafoutis recipe.I love this spread. I make it every year for the Christmas holiday season. (Which the colors work perfectly for!) My guests always ask for the recipe!
Yikes! An unappealing color and unexceptional flavor. There's gotta be better sweet spreads than this one.
Made this for an office thing. Everyone raved. Followed recipe exactly except I used lemon thyme from my garden and it was just the right note. Only criticism is the odd color, but using the right serving pieces helped it have a more appealing presentation.
I modified this a bit to utlize what I had on hand. Instead of the sour cherries, I used a bag of Tropicana's dried tropical fruit. I simmered the fruit in melon liquor (smelled wonderful). I enjoyed the demo run and hope my guests will too.
I loved this spread. It always helps when I read other reviews so I can make some changes to a recipe. I put the cherries in the blender to chop them into small pieces so the cheese would spread easily. I left the thyme leaves out. Instead of adding hot peppers to the spread I put Carrs cracked pepper water biscuits out. My guests loved it. I used the left over on bagels. I will make it again.
Wonderful recipe and always a hit with my guests. I usually add a couple of teaspoons of minced jalape±os for some subtle spice - it's a great combination of flavors.
This was delicious! Everyone loved it on their bagels in the morning. Would also be good on a turkey sandwich w/purple onion, maybe some blue cheese on french bread?! YUM!
They loved this at work! I prepared it exactly as the recipe indicated with the addition of three chopped, seeded jalapenos which gave a nice heat following the sweet taste of cherries. Will make again and again.
Our party guests really enjoyed this spread. The tart-yet-sweet flavor was a nice complement to the other savory spreads and dips on our buffet table. After our first attempt, we reduced the dried cherries to 1/2 cup for a more "spreadable" spread.
I made this for my father's 50th birthday party and it was a big hit. I left out the pepper and thyme and increased the lime juice by quite a bit. I can't wait to make it again.
A worthwhile recipe. The flavors meld together nicely. For best results, consider deleting the thyme and pepper entirely and sharply limiting the salt.This was easy to make and good, but not delicious. I ended up putting down the layer of zabaglione first, and then placing the cherries on top because the cream filling was too thick to do otherwise.
Easy to prepare and was absolutely wonderful!
Unfortunately, I was disappointed, as were my guests. The flavors were good, but they just didn't mesh well together. I think this could be fantastik with fresh peaches instead of cherries.
I don't eat sweets, but it received great comments at a recent party and it was quick and easy to prepare.This dish is gross. I think the ratio of eggs:flour might be off. It tasted like cherries with scrambled eggs.
I was disappointed by this recipe. The batter turned out curdled somehow and the center was mushy. The taste was good but texture was rubbery. I did a little research- the Julia Child recipe (check web) looks like it might be fool-proof and more authentic.
I made this recipe with freshly picked EVANS cherries. They tasted great within the recipe. But the preparation was rubbery and quite a disappointment. I guess I will make pies with the rest of my cherries. Thanks anyways.
This is a nice and simple dish which compliments a more savory egg dish well and is nicely accompanied by champagne
Used toasted hazelnuts in place of almonds, more lemon zest than was called for, and cut the sugar in half. The final result was great when served warm-- a little finishing crunch from the filberts, and the flavor of the cherries shone through.
Rubbery, and not sweet enough.
Was trying to find a cherry clafouti recipe similar to the one served at Feenie's on West Broadway and thought this might be the one. Fresh cherries are a must. The flavour of the dish was lovely however, the texture was too rubbery possibly a result of cooking it too long (even at the recommended time). I was hoping for a cake/custard-like consistancy. The top seemed to be runny when it fact, it was probably already done so do be mindful of checking for doneness and possibly reducing the cooking time.
This was a good clafouti recipe. I found the ingredients and the amounts just perfect, and nearly identical to other clafouti recipe. Just watch out for the fruit juices bubbling over the dish and onto the oven bottom!!
Excellent! Rather easy and extremely delicious, this has become my favorite summer dessert. The texture almost reminded me of a moist bread pudding, and it provides the perfect venue for fresh, sweet cherries. I love it so much I bought a cherry pitter just to have it more often.
Good; typical of the homey bistro dessert clafouti is!
Recipe ingredients seem to be in right amounts except for sugar. Taste was OK, but this clafoutis was not as sweet as some I've had in past. Was not impressed with the overall texture.
I anxiously awaited cherry season to make this recipe, but was disappointed. It was OK, but not special--and my expectations had been high. Second day leftovers were poor--very soggy.I have been replacing some of the milk with yogurt and even different fruit.
Not worth the trouble! Bland flavor and grainy texture. I threw the batch away.
the recipe was delicious but yes grainy. I would make it again but need to first read the reviews.
I had the same issues as others -- did not thicken, took forever to freeze, and came out grainy. The flavor is good, so next time I'll double the cornstarch and cross my fingers.
The flavor of this was alright but the texture wasn't so great. It was very grainy rather than smooth and creamy like gelato should be.
After I doubled the cornstarch, this recipe worked for me. My family really liked it and it did not taste low fat. I would definitely make it again, but only with twice the amount of cornstarch.
I followed this recipe to the letter and ended up with cherry soup that did not set-up in my ice cream maker, even after I pre-chilled it much longer than indicated. Very disappointing.
I don't think this recipe was tested. It was not as other reviewers mentioned thick at the end of 10 minutes of cooking. I thought I would just go ahead and put it into the ice cream maker, and it never did set up as you would think. The end result was a grainy recipe, and all that almond extract just made an artificial tasting gelato. I'm very disappointed in Gourmet for NOT TESTING this.
Fortunately the recipe said it should be thick after cooking for those 3 minutes. Mine was not, so I added another 1 3/4 Tbsp cornstarch, close to doubling the original amount. That did the trick. The flavor was good, and my husband loved it. (Cherry ice cream is his favorite.) Will make it again with that increased amount of cornstarch.
The flavor of this gelato is mild and not too rich. I would add some lemon juice next time to "perk up" the flavor. The 3 minute cooking time did not make a thick sauce, even after 9 minutes it wasn't what I would call thick. After the nine minutes, chilled as suggested, froze - the end result was a very creamy texture. If you want a light refreshing gelato this is a great recipe. If you want a more intense and sweet flavor, you would need to use a traditional recipe using eggs, etc.I followed the recipe exactly -- well except for the rice paper. It came out perfectly and I've been asked to make some more for this Christmas.
I agree with all the disappointed on this one. It turned into a gooey, too sweet, too honey taste mess. Despite using rice paper it glued itself on to the plate I served a variety of goodies on. No one ate it but the rest of my confections disappeared in a flash. Will not make again.
I made several batches of this recipie last year for Christmass gifts and plan on making it again. The one change I made was I used salted pistachios and sour cherries to ensure a good sweet/salty mix
I did not have the problems that others did with the recipe. I made it over the holidays because my father loves torrone and the cherry and pistachio combo sounded amazing. It was my first time making nougat and I found the process interesting/mildly scary. I followed the recipe exactly and cooked the sugar/honey mixture to 252 degrees. I was a bit worried when, after 10 minutes of mixing, the nougat didn't quite triple in size, but it was the perfect consistency and totally delicious! I will definitely make this again.
This recipe is great minus one change - you need to cook the sugar to a higher temp. 265-270 worked perfect for me. The first time I made them they got gooey after 24 hours. Withe the higher temp, the cookies held their shape for 4 days (now they are all eaten). Thought the flavor was great too.
I can usually count on epicurious and Bon Appetit recipes to be on target but this one was a bomb. I love nougat and was really excited about the cherry pistachio combo. So I was disappointed to end up with a pan of marshmallow fluff.
This was super easy to make and be aware that it is very, very sweet. Not my kind of thing but a Persian friend gave me top marks for making this candy and it certainly is festive with the green pistachio and dried cherry. I did not use rice paper, I used parchment and everything worked out great, even though I forgot to oil or spritz the parchment with cooking spray.
REALLY wish I would have checked the reviews before starting to make these - yup, something is wrong with this recipe. I just finished them and was excited to start cutting them and putting them alongside the rest of my Christmas cookie spread but no - these are just mush, not nougat. I agree that the concept is great, but the consistency is all wrong.
This recipe looked interesting and so did the use of the rice paper. I followed the recipe exactly as written. I re-read it several times to make sure I followed the steps. My result was similar to others - a nougat that did not set well and remained way too sticky. I eventually froze the nougat, then cut and handled it frozen, wrapping each piece in lightly oil sprayed foil. It was a lot of effort for a below average finished product.
This recipe has waaaay too much honey in it. When I made it, I thought it was a but much, but I always try to follow the recipe as closely as possible the first time I make something. However, this nougat stays very loose. My theory is this: honey is an invert sugar. Small amounts of invert sugar are added to caramels to keep them from crystalizing. However, if you add too much, you'll end up with a liquid syrup. This recipe added extra honey for flavoring, but I'm sure that they tested the amount of it exactly. As a result, the nougat does not harden. Instead, it's far closer to a marshmallow. But, I love making marshmallows. The process of adding hot sugar syrup to egg whites is fun, and I hope to find a more successful recipe. Thank goodness I have a 1950's Joy of Cooking, complete with nougat recipe. I'll try that next time.
1 Fork due to the fact it is nougat (who doesn't like nougat?), but this recipe turned into toothpaste the next day. Cherry/pistachio is a good combo, but nougat is a bit bland. I will add vanilla to next batch. I cooked the second batch to 275 F, and it was still gooey. 252 isn't even close tot he right temp. I am going to review my other nougat recipes for better technique.
This recipe turned out perfectly for me. I cooked the sugar mixture to about 257 degrees, rather than 252, but not on purpose. Maybe that made a difference. It is soft, but was easy to cut and tastes wonderful. I did use salted pistachios.
Well I'm glad I'm not the only one who had trouble. Not sure I would call this nougat. Made twice thinking something went wrong the first time. Followed exactly as written and turned out like some industrial paste both times.
I agree. I was so disappointed. I was very careful with my measurements and temperatures. I even tried to bake it after the fact to see if I could get it to dry out. But it is now in the freezer in one big clump waiting for inspiration to hit.
Something is seriously wrong with this recipe - I believe the sugar syrup should be cooked to a much higher temperature (closer to 300F or hard crack stage). The mixture tastes fine, but is a sticky uncuttable mess. Very dissapointing.This left a lot to be desired. "Spiced salt" is a nutty concept...it is virtually all salt and not special at all. And people didn't use it after their first try. This recipe is really crudites with a dish of salt. Bottled salad dressing in place of the dish of salt would be more tasty.
Perfect. I served it with mango spears as well, limed but not salted. It makes a pretty platter. If serving seems messy, use pretty toothpicks or other pick type servers. Salting ahead didn't work well, and serving the spiced salt from a dipping bowl on the platter allowed guests to control their own sodium intake (those who are not fans of salt said the limed tomatoes and cukes were delicious, too).
This is ridiculously simple to make, and delicious. The first time I served it all of my guests raved about it (and couldn't stop eating it!). I often make it as a snack for myself and my husband on the weekends. As the last reviewer claimed that it was awkward, you could roll the vegetables in the salt before serving.....
Prepared this along with the rest of the menu and threw this out. Awkward to eat and not good to taste.Awful. Not the traditional chicken and dumplings I was hoping for. Didn't like a single thing about this recipe. The dumplings are always my favorite part, these were not even close to what simple Biquick has to offer.
Turned out great! I used half dill and added yellow and green beans and carrots.
I really liked this! I ended up omitting the dill completely because I thought I had it and then didn't. And I didn't have mushrooms either. I added spinach and peas at the end.
I made this last week and thought it was great. If you are comparing it to the more traditional, heavy chicken and dumplings...then yes, you might be disappointed...but this was a great weeknight dinner. I used more garlic than it said to, and instead of chopping it used a garlic press to get max extraction. I will make it again!
sorry to say I wasnt impressed with this recipe...I followed it to the letter but the chicken and dumplings werent as moist as Id hoped. I did enjoy the taste of the dumplings though and was happy that I decided to only use 1 tsp of dill instead of the suggested 2 tsp, that def would have been too overpowering.
The amount of dill in the dumplings was excessive and overpowered the rest of the soup. Other than dill, the dish was lacking in flavor. I've made several different chicken & dumplings recipes, and this was my least favorite. The recipe is quite easy, so I'm disappointed it didn't taste better!
Quick and easy; perfect for a weeknight dinner. Will add more vegetables next time.A surprisingly bad dish with so many good things in it. Cooking all of these vegetables at one time and keeping them separated before and after roasting is a huge pain in the butt without a tasty payoff. Each vegetable ends up underdone or overdone in their own special way. My beets took an hour to cook. One or a couple of these veggies roasted for a chicken salad would be nice. As it happened everything ends up looking and tasting like beets on the plate anyway, for four times the effort of beets alone.
A surprisingly bad dish with so many good things in it. Cooking all of these vegetables at one time and keeping them separated before and after roasting is a huge pain in the butt without a tasty payoff. Each vegetable ends up underdone or overdone in their own special way. My beets took an hour to cook. One or a couple of these veggies roasted for a chicken salad would be nice. As it happened everything ends up looking and tasting like beets on the plate anyway, for four times the effort of beets alone.
I took this salad to a summer birthday party and the guests devoured it. I found that the vegetables can all roast at the same time with zucchini on the bottom rack. Next time on a hot night we may grill them instead. Using the BBQ chicken is a great time-saver.
I could not find small beets, but did have asparagus, so maybe I can't properly judge this recipe, but I thought it far too much work for the result. The vegetables aren't so much roasted as baked, and the dressing needs more punch. Maybe roast at a higher temp.
Very, very good. A little more work than I'd like but worth it. I used 2 large chicken breasts seasoned with salt,pepper and garlic.
I used yellow beets for this salad. Yellow beets have a milder taste than the red ones, and they don't leave stains on your cutting board or clothes. Next time I'll use both yellow and red beets (roasted separately).
I loved this recipe. Now I know what to do with leftover chicken. I didn't have white potatoes or zucchini so I used sweet potatoes and cabbage instead. I also improvised the dressing because I did not have lemon. A very adaptable, easy and delicious recipe.Easy and delicious. Wouldn't change a thing. It did take a little longer for my potatoes do be tender, though.
This recipe didn't do a thing for me. The sum of the parts amounted to...the sum of the parts. Thought it might be better the second day; it wasn't. I added parmesan cheese, and it was more palatable. Heavy cream might be a good addition, too.
As a chef, I'd put this on any menu and serve it with pride! It was very good as is and I wouldn't change it. An excellent recipe for home and restaurant!I started the soup by sauteing broccoli, fennel, and several cloves of garlic in 1 Tablespoon butter. Added a generous amount of salt and cayenne pepper. Immersion blended the soup before adding the eggs. Very wholesome, cozy soup. Cold night. The soup made our noses sweat.
I thought it tasted great. I took the reviewers advice and added garlic, and cayenne pepper. It made a nice touch. The hubs and I really enjoyed this, though word to the wise it is a LOT of broccoli so if your not used to that much you might want to use a little less.
This is a yummy soup! But since i made some improvements upon it like other reviewers i couldn't give it the full 4 forks. I too added an onion and garlic cloves (2), which i sauteed. I also added a pinch of red pepper flakes for some kick, and took my immersion blender to it for a creamier texture prior to adding egg.
Sorry for the multiple reviews that probably skewed the rating. Computer problems.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
I would give this recipe zero forks if I could.
So easy and so delicious! I make this all the time now, as it's perfect for a chilly night or afternoon, and the ingredients are basics that I always have on hand. I've also made it with cauliflower and that worked out very well.
I sauteed onions and some garlic, then the broccoli, before proceeding with the broth and adding the egg. The soup is good but it still needs something. The addition of the egg is fun. I think I'll try it again at least once, possibly with some cayenne.
This was surely easy and quick. I added lemon to the egg and broth mixture and also put a garlic clove in the broth with the broccoli. Neither addition made this delicious. I will not make this again unless I am desparate!
so simple and healthy - great for a weeknight or for lunch for myself.
Very simple, delicious and healthy soup! Great for a weeknight! Husband loves it as well. These are ingredients we always have on hand so it worked out well!
x
Really great and easy. I had some beef broth also and used a mixture, turned out fantastic. Suprisingly tasty with so little ingredients.
Very good, simple and healthy! Spinkled the parmesan in soup bowl and next time I will take out the broccoli before adding the eggs mixture.
I used veggie stock but didn't cook the broccoli with it because I thought it might make the stock taste bitter. So I steamed the broccoli, then added it to the stock with some lemon juice. And because I love onions and spices I threw in a handful of chopped scallions and some red pepper flakes to taste. This is a lovely, quick soup!
I love this dish not only because it is delicious, but also because it is so simple to make and very healthy. I could not bring myself to use canned chicken broth so I simply boiled some chicken breasts with skin, put in a chicken bouillon and used this for the soup. I also cut the cooked chicken into small strips and put them into the soup.
Super with some chunks of cooked chicken breast. I mixed the parmesan cheese in with the egg and broth instead of sprinkling it on top. Yummmmmm.
Delicious! I added tofu and diced chicken breast to it. Healthy and tasty!
It was ok, I guess, but I feel like it needed something-maybe garlic. I chopped up some chicken breasts and threw those in, and they were good. I'll try it again to see if my taster was just screwed up.
This soup is great. It's basically egg drop soup with broccoli, so it's easy and healthy and delicious. I will definitely make it again!
Where's the chicken in this soup? Easy to make yes, nutritional yes but I want pieces of chicken in my soup.I made this dish a while back for my family expecting great things, but was very dissappointed with the end result. The flavors just did not go together well in my opinion. I like all the ingredients by themselves, but as a whole, it did not work.
As Julia Child would likely say, this is NOT a diet recipe! However, if you are entertaining guests who like to splurge occasionally, this dish is a winner. Instead of serving shoestring potatoes, I prepared a wonderful vegetable salad and grilled portobello mushrooms with the chicken and sauce, all to rave reviews. The vegetables offset the richness of the chicken perfectly. Sinful and yummy!Tried this the other night - a cold, rainy one, so I thought it would be perfect. So much trouble - and the results were not as good as I would have expected. I did follow the recipe exactly, but felt that the chicken and sauce were both not flavourful, and the vegetables were overcooked by the time the pie came out of the oven. I won't make it again.
The fresh tarragon makes this dish sing - don't be tempted to use dry in its place. Very tasty but VERY time consuming. It took about 4.5 hours start to finish (with one of the pies still in the oven). The time estimates for each step except cooking the chicken are way too low. Definitely a good make-ahead. It makes one thankful for a TV in the kitchen. Needed 2.5 quarts of liquid to cover the chicken and veggies, so I doubled the wine and added water to get the extra 2 cups. Glad I did - the wine flavor didn't get lost, as another review noted. NOTE that each small bottle of those four-packs of wine that come in cardboard carriers will yield the needed 3/4 cup + 1 tablespoon. Also threw in another dash of dried tarragon and 4 garlic cloves instead of 2 (this much chicken can handle more). Used 8 drumsticks and 2 split breasts as my husband likes white meat more than dark, so a good compromise. Worked out fine. Instead of the ham I used 4 Yukon Gold potatoes, ~3" diameter. Small cubes, unpeeled, in microwave until soft but not mushy (6 minutes in mine) and then stirred them into the final chicken mixture. Because what's a pot pie without potatoes? If you make this substitution you need more salt, but go easy. Next time will try the ham version but keep the potatoes so the yield will be even higher. Will also add more stock than the 3.5 cups as we like more gravy in our pies. This made three 4.5" pies and one oval 10" pie, with lots of delicious stock left over.
In the UK, puff pastry is sold in 500g (roughly a pound) packs in most supermarkets. I'm sure this is what the recipe means.
Mmm Tarragon!
Would like directions for baking the frozen pies.
Where I am going to buy the pastry dough? they dont sell them at my grocery store. I tried to find it in my area without luck.
To A Cook from Ojai, CA - click on "chicken with White Wine and Herbs" for the recipe.
What is "1/2 quantity of Chicken with White Wine and Herbs" and where do you buy it? I have never seen an 18oz pkg of all-butter puff pastry in my store's refrigerated section, but I will look for it. It looks like an interesting recipe but where do we get the ingredients!Oh, dear! I did not like this AT ALL ! The livers baked well on little "spiedini" and that method might come in handy for another recipe, but the taste was not good. The recipe has much too much lemon zest and that plus vinegar really dominated. Also, the rosemary needles stayed hard and sharp, and the red peppers stayed raw. No salt or pepper is mentioned in the recipe though I put some on before roasting.
M⌡ni v⌡ib arvata, et v⌡ibolla hindasin ⁿle seda rooga, aga mulle isiklikult meeldis. Proovige ise!
The secret to success for this recipe is the minced lemon peel in the dressing; the flavor really comes through. I substituted cherry tomatoes and baby bella mushrooms for part of the red pepper squares; worked out fine.I was born and raised in Hawaii and this is your standard Chicken Long Rice recipe. If you want to cut the fat, then simply remove the chicken skin.
I have been making this recipe ever since it was published and the February 2000 issue of Gourmet was in our mail upon our return from Maui. It is authentic (from what we enjoyed at a luau) and easy to make. It is one of those "comfort foods" that is always consistent. Half a recipe is great for just my husband and me with enough left over for a following lunch.
did not think it served up nice too many bean threads
I used boneless, skinless thighs and skimmed the froth frequently. It wasn't greasy at all and it's now our favorite chicken soup.
Two things: this makes a TON of soup, but the recipe can halved. Also, the greasy broth problem can easily be avoided by straining the liquid through a double layer of paper towels in a sieve or colander. It's quite a good recipe if you take that extra step.
To quote my husband, "yuck"! Cooking the noodles in the broth made from the chicken thighs made it too greasy. I would suggest using fat free chicken broth to cook the noodles instead.I MADE THIS RECIPE TONIGHT AND OF COURSE I FIDDLED WITH IT.TO BEGIN WITH I USED 1/4 C OF KRAFT GREEK DRESSING AND 2+TB OF OLIVE OIL.I ALSO ADDED SOME CAPERS AND BLACK OLIVES AND A FEW PEPPERONCINI PEPPERS.THIS I MIXED TOGETHER AND THEN POACHED BONELESS CHICKEN BREASTS.I SERVED THE MIXTURE OVER MESCULIN GREENS WITH THE THINLY SLICED CHICKEN ON TOP.IT WAS A HIT HERE
Excellent twist on chicken salad. However the best was when I made it with left over smoked turkey. Raised it at least 1 fork. Excellent. Try it...
I was surprised at how bland this was given the ingredients in the recipe. Maybe it was just an off day for me, but imagine my horror when people started asking for the cayenne!
This was a really easy and fast one that my daughter, who hates celery and olives, liked.This recipe had a lovely tasting sauce. Broiled the chicken and it turned out just fine. I would add more to the skewers.
It works better (and tastier) if you reduce/thicken the sauce prior to basting. I also prefer using some mirin (Japanese sweet rice wine) mixed in the sauce. If you are using white meat, add some oriental sesame oil to the teriyaki sauce to keep the meat from becoming too dry.I thought this was very good and very simple and a nice addition to a basic picatta recipe. I'm not sure why people didn't like it--it turned out just as I'd anticipated.
Not nearly enough lemon juice, sauce just didn't make it. Cooks' Illustrated has a good one on their site that uses 1/4 c of juice and it's superb. To the cook that "substituted" olives for parsley...WHAAAA??? I guess next time I'm out of eggs, I could just sub ground beef...same logic.
This has been the only recipe from Epicurious that absolutely didn't work for me. I ended up throwing it in the trash! The sauce had a strange taste to it, and there was not enough of it. My husband is a huge fan of chicken piccata, but could not even eat this. Next time, I will try a more traditional version of the recipe...what a bummer.
I didn't have any parsley on hand, so doubled the amount of Nicoise olives and it still came out yummy. I cooked it slightly longer than called for--about 2-3 minutes each side and it turned out slightly browned and tender in the middle. Very simple to prepare and a great way to prepare chicken if you're an olive fan. Served with Carrots Vichy--also on this site
One of the tastiest chicken entrees I've ever had, much less made. It's a family favorite and elegant enough for guests. Pitting and chopping the nicoise olives is labor-intensive but well worth the time, but this could be done a day or so in advance. I've also substituted calamata olives which are faster to prepare and almost as good.I would have given this recipe 4 forks, but since I made many changes based on other reviewers comments, I only went with 3. The changes I made were as follows: 1)Omitted additional chicken broth. 2)Preheated oven to 450. Decreased temp to 350 when added chicken. Cooked at 350 for 20min per pound of chicken (that's 80 min. for 4 pounds). 3)I alternated the leeks with carrots and parsnips halved lengthwise. I found the chicken fabulous. It was very tender and juicy. I liked all of the vegetables underneath except the leeks. I followed advise of other reviewers and tried to peel away some additional outer layers of the leeks since they were large. They still didn't taste good. As such, I would keep the leeks because I liked the flavor they added to the chicken, but I wouldn't eat them at the end. With these changes, I have to say that this is one of the best roast chickens that I have ever made.
I used only chicken thighs, as that's what I had and I was looking for something easy and using seasonal vegetables. The chicken marinade was tasty and the leeks were tender, sweet and delicious. This is a good prep early and cook later meal.
The two reviewers before me are correct. You can't cook a 4lb chicken in that time. I had to cook it A LOT longer to make it edible. This is the first time I didn't read the reviews before I cooked. That will never happen again.
I wish there was a way to rate as no forks. The reviewer before me was right -- there's no way you can cook at 4lb chicken in 40 minutes. I only wish I would've read the reviews before I went head first into making this chicken for a dinner of hungry people!
Unworkable, imho. As written, this is a recipe for underdone chicken (4 pounds in 40 minutes?) over charred leeks. Mmmmm!! There are vestiges of a good idea done here, but it's not worth the effort.
I made a few modifications to the recipe. I used boneless skinless chicken breasts and marinated them for a few hours before baking, with some dried basil thrown in. I also added carrots to the bottom of the pan (halved baby carrots) and omitted the broth. I baked it at 400: 20 min covered with foil and 25 without. (It could have used another 5 minutes without the foil.) I really enjoyed it! The chicken was really moist and flavorful, and the vegetables were great as well. Perfect for the night of the first snow in a Minnesota winter. It was really easy too; probably a total of 15 min prep aside from the baking. Recommendations: 1) To repeat what is below: DO NOT ADD BROTH. There is more than enough juice from the chicken to cook the vegetables. 2) Cut up the vegetables small. I halved one leek just lengthwise, and another I also chopped into smaller pieces and the second was more flavorful, better cooked, and since it was bite-sized, I didn't have to deal with cutting strings. Even half-sliced baby carrots were not cooked as thoroughly as I would have liked, so I'd recommend chopping them smaller as well. 3) Season the vegetables with salt and pepper before placing the chicken on top Enjoy!
The basics of this recipe are excellent...the flavors are very nice and it's a very easy and yet elegant fall dinner. My only note, and this may address some of the earlier comments- make sure to choose small leeks, or peel a few layers off larger ones or you will wind up with 'tough' leeks. Gorgeous, for both eyes and palate. Will definitely make again!
we used boneless skinless chicken breast. The Leeks were overcooked and stringy and overall not a great taste. Balsamic vinegar taste was too strong
Overall, the recipe is quite good, the flavor was distinctively different, but I think cutting the leeks into smaller pieces would work better. I would modify this to use a cut up chicken (or even boneless breasts, cut up)and would slice the leeks cross-wise, not length-wise. I also owe a thanks to a previous reviewer, who recommended leaving out the broth. I did that, too, and the chicken did have enough liquid to cook them thoroughly.
The chicken was moist & tender, but the leeks were kind of mushy and there was a lot of liquid left over. I alternated carrots (sliced halfways lengthwise) with the leeks and they turned out with a better texture. The chicken was good but the balsamic flavor wasn't that noticeable. I wouldn't say this is better than other roasted chicken recipes I've tried, however I plan to make it again with different vegetables underneath and more spices on top.
I modify this recipe by using whatever spice mix I have on hand, using onions and whole cloves of garlic (I didn't have leeks first time) plus additional veggies I have around. I bake at 350 for several hours with a light foil cover for the first hour. Also, putting a small base under the chicken to lift if off the bottom of the pan helps, we improvise with the ring of a tart shell! Has become a family favorite.
I read the other reviews and took them into consideration while preparing the chicken. I added more fresh herbs and garlic and used an aged balsamic vinegar. I did not pour the stock over the chicken to preserve the spices and sauce. It was easy to prepare and delicious, the leeks were yummy. Wonderful fall dinner.
Great use of our herb garden! Recommend using fresh chicken (ours was frozen and a little drier); added banana peppers and doubled the herbs adding some basil. The leeks are wonderful in this!
Bland.
This recipe sounded great on paper, but I hated the taste. It was probably just that I am not a huge fan of sage... it did give me a great idea for chicken breasts roasted on asparagus with a lemon honey glaze, though. I would try roasting chicken with leeks again, but using different spices, and I couldn't even taste the balsalmic vinegar.
This was great. The kids and husband all loved it. The chicken was moist and flavorful and it even looked beautiful. The only change I made was to use red wine instead of chicken broth and to increase the amount of herbs.
The leeks turned out tough and the sage flavor was barely identifiable. We tossed the leeks and ate the chicken, but I wouldn't make this again.
Delighted to find a recipe to use up my fresh sage, this fall. Leeks were positively luscious, cooked in the chicken drippings! However: pour cold broth over an uncooked chicken? No wonder one reviewer found the chicken bland; this step rinses the salt & pepper clean off. I instead poured it in the pan and then basted the chicken frequently, once the salt & pepper had cooked in. I also moderated the temperature, as 400 degrees will char a chicken's skin before the bird is cooked through (especially because my bird was rather large!). Besides those two details, this recipe strikes me as a fine, simple roast chicken perfect for an autumn Sunday.
I used almost all of the ingredients for this (used water instead of stock) and it was pretty good!! And I don't usually like sage! I would definitely make this again.
This recipe needs a tablespoon or so of lemon juice or other acid to balance the sweetness of the leeks and the balsamic vinegar. It also needs salt, probably about a half-teaspoon, maybe a bit more. With those additions, I think it could be great, but when I made it exactly as directed, it fell short of my expectations.
I really liked the method of roasting chicken suspended on leeks in broth. The sage-, vinegar-, and chicken-infused leeks were delicious, and the chicken turned out perfectly moist and delicately flavored. I didn't use a whole chicken, but rather two large chicken breasts with skin on and ribs still underneath. I'm definitely going to experiment with the herb mixture, since the balance there was off. The rosemary flavor didn't seem to meld with the other ingredients, but then I also replaced the balsamic vinegar with white wine vinegar, so I think I should have omitted the rosemary as well. I guess I can't really pass judgment on the recipe as written, since I haven't exactly followed it yet, but I like the basic parameters.
I riffed on the recipe, using cut-up chicken parts and dried herbs. I marinated the chicken overnight, which gave pretty good flavor, and cooked the leeks in a separate pan with the leftover marinade. A good combo.
The Chicken was rather bland, didn't keep much of the aroma, but the leeks were just great. Next time I'll try this with chicken wings, white balsamic vinegar and a good dash of dried sage, marinating the wings overnight...The recipe calls for too much liquid and it is quite bland. You will need to cut the liquid by half, or more. I added worcestire sauce for some flavor. I would reach for a more traditional recipe next time.
As is, this is a pretty good soup, but it doesn't rise to my definition of a gumbo. While making this dish, I resisted every impulse to fiddle. I wanted to see how this "gumbo" turned out, discover something new and different. My impulse was to make a roux, add garlic and bell pepper, but I resisted. I wish I hadn't. Completing the holy trinity and adding the traditional roux would've definitely kicked this dish up a notch. Next time I will not quell my impulses.
No roux??? You've got to be kidding!
As written, this recipe is a bit dull- the low-fat thing irks me. Why not use full-flavor, full-fat, and simply eat less of it? Now on to the revisions, which may draw slings and arrows of scorn from those who wish people would follow the recipes slavishly. Sorry, just can't do it. I doubled the recipe for a crowd, and began with a roux made from browned flour (stir a cup of flour over low heat in a dry cast-iron skillet until it turns a pleasant dark tan color- makes a nice non-floury nutlike taste, and gives the gumbo its characteristic brownish color) Came time to cook, and I melted a stick of butter, tossed in a couple of tablespoonsful of olive oil to add flavor and raise the smoking point. Let the golden-brown roux bubble for about ten minutes, stirring frequently. Then sauteed the 'holy trinity' of Cajun cookery in the roux- several cups each of chopped onions, bell pepper, and celery. And, oh, yes, a couple of teaspoonsful of minced garlic. While the vegetables cooked, I chopped the raw chicken off the bones, and added it along with the chicken broth to the thickened roux. In went a couple of large cans of diced tomatoes and a small can of diced tomatoes with pepper, some powdered sage, some oregano and basil, and a LOT of sliced frozen okra- most of 4 pounds of it. A final several tablespoonsful of gumbo file' (powdered sassafras leaves, an absolute necessity for gumbo!!) and then it simmered until time to serve over white rice, with much tabasco and other bottled pepper sauces for the bold guests. Even better the following day. BTW, don't believe the old-wives' tales about not cooking gumbo file'-- not true. It doesn't become bitter or stringy. Isn't much of a thickener. Just adds a lovely herby flavor.
I am a native of Louisiana and grew up on gumbos. This is NOT gumbo. FOR GUMBO, YOU MUST HAVE A GOOD DARK ROUX! For this recipe, I would use 1 cup of vegetable oil to 1-1 1/2 cups flour. Also, where is the bell pepper? Gumbos include the Holy Trinity of Cajun and Creole cooking- onion, celery, and green bell pepper. Also, most gumbos include garlic, parsley, and seasonings such as salt, pepper, cayenne pepper, and/or premixed Cajun/Creole seasoning. Bay leaves and thyme add nice flavors if you like the taste of these two. I also throw in a dash of Worcestershire. Finally, I would reduce the liquid, only using broth or stock (not water) to 3-3 1/2 quarts (12-14 cups). You can always add more broth or stock if it is too thick.
I followed the recipe exactly and it WAY to watery.. there has to be a typo it should say 8 cups of broth OR 8 cups of water!... not both; 128oz of liguid is absurd! it was a MESS!
No roux. Good Lord! If I ever made this, my mawmaw would turn over in her grave!
I'm a Fench-speaking Cajun from Jennings, LA. No roux, no gumbo....! this ain't a gumbo...! It's a nice SOUP..!
This recipe is a very good guide, but there are a few major changes that improve it immensely. First, add 1 or 2 tablespoons of cajun spices (black pepper, thyme, paprika, cayenne, oregano). Second, try it with cut up pieces of chicken breast, and bread it lightly in flour before frying. Then you don't have to wrestle with the bones and the flour thickens it up nicely.
trΦs mauvais! Jimmy Buffett wouldn't play for this stuff if he were starving!
I have to agree with all the other critics: No roux=no gumbo. This is just chicken, sausage and okra soup. My sister lives in Opelousas and disagrees with Bill, everyone makes a roux. Okra alone will thicken any dish but does not give it the flavor or color that a roux gives. As for file (FEE-lay), I prefer to omit it. To the woman who said she doesn't use chicken thighs: most people use the whole darn chicken or rooster, what's the purpose of leaving out the thighs?
I loved this dish and everyone who tried it raved about it and wanted seconds. I think the trick is to use good, spicy sausage. Delicious!
NO Roux!!! Using chicken instead of HEN or Rouster! These ingredients are what makes a real gumbo.
Very good, it lacked spices so I added my own cajun spices.
Yuck.
I'm from Opelousas,La in the heart of cajun country. Gumbo which uses lots of chopped and cooked down okra instead of a roux is not uncommon. It works because the cooked down okra is so slimy that it thickens the gumbo. I like to use both. The okra adds flavor and texture. For the cook from New York, file (pronounced FEE-lay) is dried, powdered sassafrass root. It is a thickener normally added at the table. By the way, use plain white rice. When serving, ladle in the gumbo and then add the rice. Make a little island of rice in the middle of the bowl. This keeps is from becoming rice and gumbo soup. Email me if you have any questions.
NO Roux, NO GUMBO!!! I am from New Jersey and Know better!!! Roux makes it!!!
What's this? No Roux...Ohhhh the Shame!
To the reviewer in New York with the question about "roux," a roux is a thickening agent made with a combination of flour and oil -- or bacon drippings, or what have you. File powder is also a thickening agent, though it is not used in my family when making gumbos (nor is okra). I did not make this recipe (thus, no rating) nor would I -- I agree with the reviewer of Houston who said a gumbo is not a gumbo without a roux!
1 being the lowest. This recipe doesn't include a roux. You can't make gumbo without a roux. Period.
For the benefit of all of us who aren't in the know, what exactly is Roux? And what is "file" -- one reviewer says it should never be added til just before serving....what does that mean?
Not even close!
This dish was the talk of the church. I only added a few of my personal touches.
I would NOT use chicken thighs! I would use chicken wings and drumsticks. I would use ham instead of sausage. MORE TRADITIONAL. ALSO THE ROUX IS A MUST. NEVER ADD FILE' TO GUMBO UNTIL SERVING OR IT GETS ROPEY!
No trinity (bell pepper is missing) and no roux equals no gumbo.
This is definitely not authentic. Everyone knows that when making gumbo "first you make a roux."
I definately agree with other cooks about adding the gumbo file and various other fixens to jazz this recipe up a bit. You'll find, with a few personal touches, that this recipe is a keeper. I like to add some fresh shrimp a few minutes before serving. They only take a minute to cook - so save them for the end. Don't be afraid to make a huge batch, it tastes wonderful the next day!
First of all, it is not authentic Cajun. There is no Cajun gumbo recipe without the trinity. By adding in an equal amount of chopped onion, celery and green pepper, a little more garlic and a mixture of salt, fresh ground pepper and cayenne, then you have a gumbo. Andouille sausage is also very good for this recipe. After these changes, it is great.
My family all felt that this gumbo was a bit bland -- I event added hot sauce. I'll keep searching for a gumbo recipe with a little more zip!
After adding some file to this gumbo, I find that it is as good as any I have made or have eaten. My Son is an expert on gumbo and he liked it.
This recipe was very good....after some adjustments (I also added fresh garlic, gumbo file,cilantro,and bayleaf, salt and black pepper, and some red pepper seeds, and made a roux). That made it a perfect...without that I'm sure it would have been too bland for me. It's main drawback? Time. I'm a seasoned cook and it took me three hours, between prep and cooking.
A good hearty recipe, but I think its a good idea to add some gumbo file to it with the scallions.
The recipe was easy and my family enjoyed it very much. I added chopped garlic and tabasco sauce to the gumbo. I also cooked everything in one pot (except for the rice).
The recipe is fairly streamlined as gumbos go, but the result was tasty enough to make that a compliment. The sausage provides the spice in the dish, infusing the broth with its seasoning. Have some hot sauce on hand though -- it could use the kick. I've tried this with both andouille and kielbasa, and I don't think the andouille makes enough of a difference to merit paying twice the price for it.This was a simple dish to make and a great way to use up leftover Guava nector. The sauce, a nice peachy color, was pleasant sweet and tangy. I believe the key is to boil down the sauce until it is very thick and sticky.
This wasn't terrible, but it also wasn't anything I want to eat again. It was too sweet, and bland.
I substituted the guava nectar with one can of guava shells in heavy syrup, YUMMY!
hmmm...i'm surprised at the lack of good comments on this dish. i have been making this recipe for about 2 years now & it is on regular rotation at our house. just the right combination of sweet & salty. i serve it with black beans & green beans as suggested--yummy!
It was OK but a bit sweet and missing something to make it special. All voted at the table to not have it for dinner again.
A nice chicken dish, although not fantastic.
It's Chicken with GUAVA sauce... Where's the GUAVA? Shouldn't it be SOMEWHERE in the recipe? While it is yummy, it was frustrating because I was looking for something to do with all the guavas from my tree. REAL guavas, I mean.I used this recipe as a jumping off point. And I made a lot more. 32oz. chicken broth and 32oz. vegatable broth. I kept the wine the same because a previous review said it had a strong wine taste. I wanted a lot of vegatables and used asparagus-green and white. I used organic green beans chopped up instead of peas...baby bock choy and shitake mushrooms-chopped. And tiny size 'c' potatoes-whole. Also, what's a soup without onion and garlic-so I threw in both of those. For some pasta I added some gnocchi. Because I made so much I used three chicken breasts and shredded the meat and increased the herbs. Quite a diversion, but the results were excellent!
Next time I'll lighten up on the chicken and add some tiny squares of extra firm tofu and maybe some straw mushrooms for garnish. It is very nice and simple but with a strong wine taste.
A delicious simple soup. Very quick and easy. We used a can of Italian style chicken broth. This could easily serve 3 people--maybe 4.
A nice simple soup. I used sugar snap peas, so added them with the herbs and chives I used instead of green onions.I love the idea of using boneless skin-on chicken breasts, rather than requiring me to butterfly and debone a whole chicken. But, on the same night, I tried this recipe along with two other chicken-under-a-brick recipes and this was, by far, the worst. There's too much dried thyme for my taste and the result is kind of "grassy." I won't be making this again.
I was thrilled to find a chicken-under-a brick recipe that used boneless skin-on breasts (rather than having me butterfly and debone a whole chicken myself). I tried this recipe, plus two other chicken-under-a-brick recipes on the same night. This was, by far, our least favorite of the three. I did not care for the amount of dried thyme in the spice rub. It seemed "grassy." So, while I love the idea, I won't be using this recipe in the future.
this is a fast, easy technique that results in moist chicken with a flavorful crust. i used a powdered spice mixture that i brought home from morocco, i am pretty sure is ras el hanout. i also used a hot cast iron skillet, a small amount of oil, and a second cast iron skillet as the weight. just make sure the skillet & oven are HOT, leave the skin on, and do not over cook! i think this will become my favorite method of preparing chicken breasts because they always come out too dry but this was just perfect!
Please ignore my previous rating. I reviewed the wrong recipe! I meant to review the spice rubben chicken under a brick. I apologize for any confusion.
Just follow the recipe, and you will get some fabulous chicken! My husband and I made it for Easter, and everyone raved about it. The flavors are very North African -- complex and delicious.
The idea of cooking chicken under a brick was great, I used another iron skillet, instead of a brick, and the chicken was so tender. However, the spice mixture was gross, the taste was too earthy, and the combination of the sweet spices and poutry spices did not go together! Next time I would subsitute the spices with something that fits chicken.Tastes great. I didn't have trouble following the recipe. I wish more recipes were in this format. I email them to my blackberry in the kitchen. Condensed like this. its easier to read.
If this is a memoir of food, the author needs to get out more. She also needs to put a little effort into presenting her recipe which won't format but is as follows (I'll use slashes to indicate new line): 4 1.5 lb. chickens/ garlic cloves/ 2 Tbsp lime juice/ salt and pepper/ 2 Tbsp oregano mixed with 2 Tbsp thyme/ 2 Tbsp olive oil/ Cut the four chickens in half./ Rub with garlic cloves./ Rub with lime juice./ Rub with salt and pepper./ Rub with the herbs./ Refrigerate for one hour./ Rub with olive oil just before broiling./ Broil 8 minutes on each side./ -- The author helpfully tells us that the broiling time depends on the size of the chickens. But we know that - one and a half pounds. -- Be careful! If you add the herbs before the salt and pepper the chickens will explode! -- Just kidding.
Surprise! No recipe, just a descriiption, and how many it serves, etc.I make turkey and chicken stock ahead of time, and skip the first part of the recipe. The idea of basically making stock as part of the process of making the meal seems to turn people off- too much time and as a reviewer put it - "wasteful". But it is an old fashioned technique that creates flavor superior to store-bought stocks. I use thanksgiving turkey remains to make stock and then freeze it- a way to "waste" less but still get rich flavor for quicker cooking times. I like the brown flavor the roue adds to this, and the dumplings themselves are amazing- although perhaps tricky for dumpling novices to make. The celery leaves int he dumplings are a great flavor addition, and I love the flavor of parsnips in the mix.
I combined a couple of different recipes for the chicken and dumpling soup I took to a soup potluck. I liked the idea of adding a roux as described here, so I used that feature of this recipe. It gave the soup some body and made it easier and neater to eat. I intend to make this recipe sometime, but I am definitely going to add a roux to future chicken soups.
Very good and different. Had trouble at first with dumplings, water has to be at a very low simmer but they are worth it. Stock is very involved, don't know that I would go to same effort again but concept of recipe would be worth doing again for sure!
Help! My dumplings have disintegrated. I have checked the recipe and have made it exactly as stated. I have tried lowering the boil and drop instead of dipping in water. I was attracted to this recipe because of dumplings. The soup takes forever and seems rather wasteful.I would have to agree with the previous review. I have had this dish prepared by someone whose mother grew up in Indian so I'm probably a little jaded.
I am not Indian but I've eaten plenty of Indian food to know this recipe is a disgrace. There are better Vindaloo recipes out there. Don't waste your time on this one!!
This recipe deffinitely needed some punch to bring it to life. I added 1/4 teaspoon of nutmeg and an additional chipotle to bring it back from the morgue.
My husband and I loved this. I was worried, given some of the negative comments. But with one chili (not a can), lots of cilantro, and even with no change in the amount of vinegar, we thought this was really delicious. It reminded us of dishes we've eaten in Indian restaurants (regardless of whether it's a genuine vindaloo). Not too hot, flavors well blended, we're eager to make this again.
This is not an indian vindaloo! Having grown up in India, The real vindaloo comes from Goa, and has its roots in the portugese dish called sarpotel, where you use pork, vinegar, chilli and paprika (tone down the heat but gives colour), garlic and salt (No ginger, or any other masala). Portugese sailors preserved pork on their long voyages to india and substituted indian spices in the traditional sarpotel to make vindaloo. The secret is to make a paste of the spices and vinegar and marinate the meat in this, then SLOW cook until the pork fat raises to the top.
I made this with bone in thighs and grilled in a pan on bbq. Worked really well. But the taste was not as I expected, and way to hot. Hubby sweated as he ate! He's requested me to NOT make this again.
This was a disappointment. I've found much better vindaloo recipes and will go back to them. I don't really know what's wrong with this, perhaps too much vinegar, but the balance is all wrong.
I actually used the whole can of chilis and I loved it. It was *really* spicy but so is the vindaloo I've tasted at Indian restaurants. I loved it!
i have to echo the comments of the bicoastal cook: if you all thought this was too spicy, you must have done something wrong. i found this dish to be absolutely brilliant. i followed the recipe explicitly--even marinated an extra day--and loved every bite. my boyfriend was seriously weighing the risk of eating the chicken raw because the marinate was so overwhelmingly tempting.
Not a review, just a note for Seattle: you aren't supposed to use one large _can_ of chipotles, but rather you're supposed to open up the can, remove one single chipotle, and use that single pepper in the sauce.
This recipe was awful. The dish was so very spicy, it was flavorless! The recipe doesn't indicate how many ounces of chipotle adobo sauce you should use, therefore, you don't realize how spicy this dish really is. To use a "large" can of sauce just doesn't cut it. Chicken Vindaloo is my favorite Indian dish and thus far, the recipes from this website has been a let down.
The other vindaloo recipe is MUCH better.This is too sour and very one-note. It is hot without complexity. After it was done cooking I re-heated, added chutney, chopped almonds and dried cranberries. Much better but a different recipe and I guess not at all authentic.
I agree with Scott 100%--the vinegar is too overpowering, and the chicken is not really spicy enough. The aroma while it cooks is heavenly, but end result is disappointing.
I really liked this recipe. I took the advice of the other reviewers and used only 1/2 the vinegar, but really thought it had great flavor. I also used chicken breasts, and served it over yellow rice with steamed asparagus on the side. I'd definitely make it again.
I did not care for this at all. The vinegar was far too potent, though I did not find it too spicy, as others did. I won't be making this again.
The flavor in this recipe was great, but it was so spicy that we could only eat a couple of bites. And I like foods with kick. I added some potatoes and stewed tomatoes to dilute the spice and served yogurt on the side--even then, it was a little too fiery.
A little on the hot side.Less chipotle peppers and more adogo sauce would help maybe.But it was tastly.
This is authentic as I am married to an Indian.
This is more like 3 1/2 forks, a great recipe. I used about 2 lbs boneless chicken breasts and a little more chipotle. But it won't serve 6 at all - my husband just wolfed it down.Very good. Used 2.5lbs chicken thighs, 3peppers (could have added another or two to have lots of veggies), substituted Italian Seasoning for oregano, and was generous with the capers. If you like full flavours, this is a good one.
Ick! Try Chicken Breasts with Tomatoes & Capers (on this website) for a much better recipe.
Served over steamed rice...yum!I've made this a few times and my family loves it. I go a little heavier on the ginger and the soy sauce, but not much more than what's here and otherwise follow the recipe. It's light and flavorful.
The worst dish I have made in a long time. Big disclaimer: I used veggie "chicken" and sherry wine vinegar (instead of sherry).
Pretty good. The kids liked it. It is simple and filling. But not great.
2.5 Needed something, but it was easy and quick! Maybe it needed Oyster sauce
This was good, but could use more flavor, maybe red pepper flakes or something to add heat. I've had luck with Scotch as a replacement for Sherry.
Chicken needed to be cooked longer before adding cornstarch. I also added in some chicken broth as the sauce was too thick. Flavors are fine without the extra salt. I put a little sricha red jalepeno sauce with this and my rice and that really made the dish "pop"I also added some black pepper at the end of the sautee.
Seriously, will Scotch make a good substitute for sherry? Sounds crazy to me.Nothing special, but ok for during the week when you are looking for something fast and a little more interesting than spaghetti and a jar of sauce.
I used 2 cups of chicken broth, a little bit of lime juice and more cranberries. The sauce alone is disgusting but for some reason on top of chicken it's really good. Everyone loved it!
Not bad, but not great either. The sauce has a rather unappealing color, and no flavor really dominates, but overall the taste is good. I will probably make again for a weeknight meal since it is an easy recipe with basic pantry ingredients.
This recipe wasn't anything special, I was disappointed by the lack of flavor in the sauce. Plus, it has too much fat. The chicken came out very tender but it was pretty flavorless. I don't recommend this.
This first time I made this dish I used regular cranberry juice, the second time I used the concentrate. I liked the flavor better using the regular cranberry juice. It brought out the mustard flavor. The concentrate overpowers the mustard. Served with rice it is excellent.
This was all right, nothing special. The sauce was uncharacteristic, winding up with neither the tartness of the cranberry or the pungency of the mustard. I think using the concentrate for cranberry flavor prohibits the true cranberry flavor; also, there's a lot of sugar that my be detracting from the overall integrity of the other ingredients. I think chickent and cranberry can go well together, but this recipe needs to be tweaked a bit.
This meal was absolutely disgusting for me and my fellow guests. I own a restaurant in downtown Vancouver and the meal absolutely failed. My chefs and I made several attempts but the recipe just wouldn't prevail. I have been working as a chef for 30 years now and i know a bad recipe when i see one! I defiently reccomend this recipe to anyone who has disasterous taste in high quality meals. If you would like to see a much better, simpler, more flavorfull version of this recipe e-mail me!
This is a great recipe, quick, too! I substituted a cup of fresh cranberries for the 1/4 cup of dried, did not add any sugar, and it was delicious. I'll definitely make it again.
I LOVE YARDBIRD, AND ANY NEW RECIPE IS WELCOME. I TRIED THIS ONE, AND HAD TO HAVE MORE.......SO I MADE MORE. I SERVED IT WITH LONG GRAIN WILD RICE, DEFINETLY WILL HAPPEN HERE AGAINDelicious way to welcome fall. I enjoyed this recipe very much. Followed Kaneohe Cook's suggestion to cook dumplings with the stew and I loved the results. Will certainly use again! Only draw back; it's time intensive. But would be more than willing to spend a cool winter afternoon preparing.
bland broth, and bland dumplings. suggest cooking dumplings in the chicken broth instead of steaming them--A lot of work with no improvement in flavor.
The recipe took a long time to prepare. When done, the chicken breast tasted overcooked and the sauce had little flavor. The ratio of vegetables to meat and sauce was too heavily weighted toward meat. The dumplings were too bland.
really nice rendition, more refined and updated with the addition of chicken breast, baby carrots and sugar snap peas, instead of just gloppy stewed chicken and mixed veggies. A nice cooler weather main dish
Great old fashioned,down home meal , similar to my Nana's. Great cozy smell on a cold night. Suggestion to other users:Click on "Parsley dumplings" to find the dumpling ingredients AND instructions!
Why turn the oven on ??
OK, now that we can find the dumpling directions has anyone tried this dish? I'm curious to know if it is any good!
I see the ingredients for the dumplings, but I don't see any instructions. Would love to try this but not without all the directions!
Dear Scott from Buffalo, if you scroll down to the bottom of the ingredients you'll see Parsley Dumplings, in green print. Just click on it and the recipe will come up.
Hey Buffalo! If you click on 'Parsley Dumplings' at the bottom of the Ingredients List, it takes you to the (separate) recipe for the "Parsley Dumplings"...
The dumpling recipe can be found at the end of the ingredients list. It's a separate recipe that you need to open.
Click on 'parsley dumplings' for recipe
The dumpling recipe is on a link at the bottom of the ingredient list.
Just click on the words "parsley dumplings" following the list of ingredients. It's a link to the recipe.
There is a link to the parsley dumplings recipe at the bottom of the list of chicken and vegetables ingredients. The dumplings are in a whole separate recipe.
click on the link for the dumplings under the recipe
Scott, click on parsley dumplings (in green ) and it will take you to the recipe..
For the Dumpling recipe, click on the link.
I think something is missing from this recipe - where are the dumpling ingredients?Very good. I already made it several times for buffets...gone in no time. I agree that following the amounts religiously as stated in the recipe doesn't lead to the right consistency, but knowing that the mix should be like stiff mashed potatos there should be no problem with adjusting it. I serve it with the sauce made of cucumber, avocado and yoghurt (+salt, pepper, oregano). Yum! I usually make the mix a day ahead and just fry it the day I serve it.
This was a completely abhorring recipe! The amounts must have been off. Either way, this was not a pleasing recipe!
Disgusting. The amount of cornstarch seemed wrong to me, but the rest of the recipe sounded so good I tried it anyway. It was gummy and tasted only of cornstarch. Blech.
The proportions of ingredients seemed off to me. The puree came out like very thin mashed potatos rather than thick, and I had to add at least another cup of chickpeas. Even then, the rolls turned out runny inside. Tasty, but I would use significantly less cooking liquid in the puree next time.Using this recipe as a point of departure, I cooked a package of dried garbanzo beans. Lightly sauteed the onion, carrots, celery, bay leaf in the olive oil with the addition of 4 big cloves of smashed garlic, added everything except the arugula to crockpot, cooked til beans were done. Had arugula pesto in the freezer, made at the end of the season when the arugula has started to bolt and is very peppery (much more so than the baby leaves) - served the garbanzos with a dollop of pesto and big grating of cheese (asiago, it's what was on hand), with additional pesto and cheese on the table. With grilled chicken sausages, salad and french bread, nice meal.
blah,blah, blah. I added a can of stewed tomatoes with garlic and basil and 2 TBSP chili powder. It helped, but I will not make this again.
I agree w/the previous reviewer that the fast white bean stew is better. To that recipe I add a little dried red flakes and more garlic than called for for umph! I have made it w/both cannellini & w/garbanzo beans, and actually prefer it w/the garbanzos. (makes it very spanish).
I have to agree with other reviewers--this recipe just didn't stack up. Hard to say why based on the ingredients and cooking method, but the flavors just don't seem to come together and it tasted more salty than flavorful. There's a much better quick stew on epicurious called Fast White-Bean Stew; it's faster and tastier (although it's not vegetarian).
I added sauteed linguica and pureed most of the solids. With these additions, we found the soup quite tasty and very easy to make.
This soup can be greatly enhanced by adding other, leftover vegetables sitting around in your fridge. I added green onion, green chili, red bell pepper, double the garlic, and a fresh chopped tomato. While it's not the most mind-blowing dish, it's very nutritious and good with crusty bread.
I thought this soup was really bland. I can't put my finger on what was missing but something was.I'm on a chickpea kick. I made this with some peas I soaked overnight and cooked in the morning, I did not know what I was going to do with them until I saw this recipe. It was saucy and delicious with eggs for dinner. I am sure the bread you use affects the thickness. I left it out completely and thicked with mashed chickpeas. Be generous with the vinegar.
This was a lot more like a soup. Maybe I should have drained the chickpeas before adding the spinach and bread paste. Not sensational.This tasted like salad
We really liked this. The only change I made was to double the amount of Dijon, since I found that 1/4 teaspoon wasn't enough to fully emusify the dressing. It was a wonderful cool complement to barbecued country style ribs.
My husband hasn't ever really liked vinaigrettes -- his idea of the perfect salad is iceberg wedges smothered in bottled blue cheese dressing. He ate every bite of this and asked for seconds. We both loved it and I will be making it again and again. I cut the lettuce into regular salad-sized pieces instead of ribbons, which I think is easier to manage anyway, and sprinkled his portion with crumbled blue cheese. A hit!
This salad was a total let down. Too tart, the lemon and mustard. Something was terribly missing in the flavor of this dressing - flavor! The lettuces a great combo, just needs something!For a traditional chilaquiles recipe visit: therefinedpalate.com
This is not the traditional way and takes away from the quality of the dish.
This recipe needs help. Instead of tomato sauce, use enchilada sauce -- mild or hot, depending on your preference. The mild has plenty of zip for me. Also add diced onions as a layer for texture and flavor. It is not necessary to fry the tortillas first. The Mexican side of my family makes it this way and we love it! Also, before serving, top each portion with shredded iceberg lettuce. It adds more than you would think!
My Mexican husband and his family don't bake the dish. You fry chopped chiles in oil, then add tortilla pieces, let them get crispy, then add chopped tomato and onion (and salt to taste). Quick, easy, delicious! It's a great dish -- if you had poor results with this recipe, don't get discouraged. Try the real thing.
I've made this frying my own tortillas as well as just using organic tortilla chips. It was just as good with the tortilla chips and saves tons of time. Really yummy if you can find salsa verde.
I don't understand why frying the tortillas was necessary - it just made things greasy and they didn't turn out crispy in the end. The sauce was also pretty bland. I prefer other tortilla casseroles to this.
Though this is one of my favorite Mexican dishes to order in a restaurant, and I was excited to find this recipe, I hated the final product and will not make this again. Ultimately, the dish was soggy, with no contrasting consistencies, and the cheese was all wrong. Leftovers were even worse, and after so much work! I found a Food & Wine magazine recipe for the same dish which I will try next--that one calls for a homemade chilli sauce (no beans, but lots of chilli powder, not too tomatoey and thin like this one) and uses tortilla chips--makes sense, since they're already fried.
This recipe is the closest I can find to what I had when I went to Mexico...it is indeed best with shredded chicken. Another great addition-chopped fresh cilantro.
A few weeks ago I found this dish in a little restaurant, Carmalita's, in Pto Vallarta. It took me awhile to find the recipe here... it's Chilequiles. anyway this is pretty close to that authentic flavor, I would not only suggest the chicken but sliced beef on the side as well! Accompanied with black beans or butter, cream and jalepeno baked diced potatos.
Great dinner for friends. I like to serve it with plenty of spanish rice. Serve extra enchilada sauce on the side.
Time-consuming unless you make the homemade Mexican tomato sauce in advance. Also, as my husband reminded me later, our favorite version included shredded chicken. I think he's right, I will include that next time! Overall, I would recommend this dish (with chicken, of course).I had a chilie brownie that was awesome! They called it a rattlesnake bite, it was a recipie that called for less chili, 1/4th cup is really too much of most chili powders, I would try 2-3 T at the most. They topped theirs off with a simple glaze and a mix of sunflowerseeds, pistachio nuts and pine nuts... it was awesome! The brownie should be a moist chewy recipie and you can add 2-3 T chili powder to most recipies w/ no problem. YummmY!
9x13 turned out to be way too large for the amount of batter this makes. I would use a 8" square. As the baker, you can decide what chile powder to add. I would use predominantly ancho, mixed with some spicier chiles like Chipotle or cayenne or guajillo. DON'T OVERCOOK THEM
By following these directions to the letter, my brownies turned out very grainy and way too spicy! I like spicy, but these were ridiculous! I am going to try again, tweaking the directions a little, perhaps creaming the butter and sugar as opposed to melting the butter with the chocolate...
I loved this recipe. I used 1/4 cup of ancho chile powder and 1 tbsp of cayenne and it was perfect! I accidentally used 1 1/2 cups of butter instead of sticks of butter but they were still really good, I just had to serve them in a bowl with ice cream because they didn't stay together very well. I served them to guests who had never had chile and chocolate together before and they were very pleasantly surprised at the taste.
If you are looking for a "brownie" recipe, this is not it. While the flavor of these brownies is rich and smokey (providing you use the right chile) the ultimate taste of the brownie is aweful! They are way too dry to be called a brownie, but rather a spicy (dry) cake. The only way they can be served to company is in small doses with simple ice cream.
after reading the reviews and learning the difference between chile powder and chili powder I changed things up a bit. Instead of chile powder ,I used a tsp of cayenne pepper. Love at first bite! Thanks
These were delicous! However, I used about half the amount of chipotle powder and they nearly blew our heads off--and we love spicy food. The dulce de leche ice cream helped but next time I will use less chile powder. I think success depends largely on the type and source of the chile powder.
Interesting recipe, qwith a nice balance of flavors. I recommend using powdered chipotle for this recipe, it has a great smoky flavor that compliments any chocolate recipe. Works for Hot Cocoa too.
I have always loved the taste of chile and chocolate, and these brownies made that combination into an easy, classic dessert. Although I wonder at the intro where it said Yankees weren't familiar with these flavors -- I'm as Yankee as you can get, and I've always seen chocolate and chile together.
Thanks to the previous cook who clarified chile powder versus chili powder, I am sure this makes a huge difference! I will hunt down chile powder this time.
I think the problem with those of you who have found this recipe to be too hot is that you are using Chili Powder or Cayenne powder. This is not the same thing as Chile Powder which is not as hot as chili powder.
I agree with the others in saying that 1/4 cup plus 1 Tbsp is TOO MUCH chili pwdr for most everyone, although I know some do like ridiculously hot food (I do like hot curries!)I reduced down to 1 Tbsp of chili powder and added 1 Tbsp cinnamon, plus some dried tart cherries to play against the hot, the brownies turned out very good, although next time I would add even less chili powder.
I would truly not even give this recipe a one. I agree with the reviewer that said "YUK". These were awful -- not a good texture, tasted only of chilie powder, not even a sweet taste. I will never make these again.
INEDIBLE, YUCK
I love this recipe. I have varied the amount of spice, and it always turns out well. Serving it with cranberry sauce (made from frozen cranberries, not the sauce from a can) was a huge success.
I have made this recipe 3 times this week trying to perfect the dose of Chilli, being a home grown Texas I love hot foods. I used 1/4 cup of chilli powder 1 tbsp of cinnamon and used rye flour. Baked them in my Grandmother's cast iron skillet and after cooling cut into 16 equal slices. Everyone that I have given these brownies to have thoroughly enjoyed them.
I live in Houston, TX. I love chili in cookies and desserts, like Berryhill's Killer B's (featuring pequin in an excellent recipe) but this went way beyond heat. Overall the brownies were inedible - and an enormous waste of good ingredients and time. 1/4 cup + 1tbs of chili powder is too much for any recipe much less for brownies. Make an your own peril.I was looking for a non-Velveeta version of queso and this version was a hit. My only modification was to add a block of cream cheese which prevented it from having that gummy, melted cheese feel and kept it dippable. I also added some chopped tomatillos which gave it a little extra depth and topped it off with a generous dose of Choulula hot sauce which gave it a good kick!
I would like to give this recipe the benefit of the doubt, since I did not use a fondue pot (used double boiler over low heat), but I just can't. Even if I had managed to get the cheese to join the rest of the dish, I do not think the dish would have been a hit. The beer taste was a little overpowering and it was lacking some standard queso ingredients: cumin, cilantro, green peppers. I generally only try the 4 fork rated recipes, but took a gamble on this one and lost.
Yummy, Yummy, Yummy! I didn't have any pickled jalapenos, but I had a serrano chile that worked just as well. I ended up using a little more beer to compensate for the loss of liquid. Will definitely make this again.
Much easier and much tastier: 1 lb. block of Velveeta (haven't yet found a "real" cheese to substitute), 1 can of Ro-Tel diced tomatoes and chiles, 1/2 a yellow onion chopped small. Heat, mix, serve.
This is the worst chile con queso recipe I've ever made. I can't believe the other reviews were good! If you are picky about your Tex-Mex (I was raised in Houston) DO NOT make this recipe. The cheese is sharp --- tastes like swiss cheese. The consistency is stringy. It is really bad all around.
this cheese dip was delicious, but did not reheat well at all for me.
WOW! This was a show-stopper at our Super Bowl party!..It is now a regular at our house!
My prayers have been answered! I finally found a yummy queso that doesn't require for Velveeta or some disgusting combo (check ut the recipe on this site that calls for CRISCO of all things!) And Mr Perry: if you're still out there thanks for the fondue pot tip...my mom got the laugh of her life when I called to borrow hers. Guess she was glad that someone found some use for it! :)
This was fine, but not incredible. My college-aged son LOVED it, but the rest of us feel that there are better preparations of this type dish.
Yummy! Chile con queso is almost a non existent entity in Australia, but having tasted it on my last trip to Mexico I had to make it! Had to substitute cheeses, as Jarlsberg is NOT cheap here, but Tasty cheese and some Egmont cheese worked a treat. I used the Rotel Extra Hot canned tomatoes with chillis instead of the separate pickled Jalepenos and tomatoes as they also aren't available here -v.very good!
Ditto on the fondue pot. A tip about serving any type of fondue - make sure you GENTLY cook this over LOW heat (this is why using a fondue pot is best). High temperatures will make the cheese seperate. Once it boils, forget about it, its just a huge mess.
No peoblem getting the cheeses to blend using an electric fondue pot. Also we add a tablespoon of lemon juice to help melt the cheeses. 2-3 fresh jalapenos, minced, worked well for us. I would increase the diced tomatos to 3/4 cup or perhaps even a cup. Overall though this was very good.
The cheese never fully incorporated into the dish. There were big lumps of cheese swimming in a very runny queso-like base. I turned up the heat, but this didn't improve things. I had to resort to the Velveeta-type of queso to serve guests.
The only reason I rate this recipe "1" but would make it again is only because you MUST make it (it is a delicious recipe) but you MUST do the following as well: 1) only use about 1/4 of a jar of the pickled jalepenos' NOT a whole jar unless you want to kill your guests 2) Once you have heated the cheese/beer/tomato, etc. mixture, make sure it stays warm or it will separate. And dig in!
This is easy to prepare and it tastes way better than the stuff you'll get at a chain restaurant. Perfect for parties!!!I had really high hopes for this recipe, but I felt slightly let down. I did use the modifications suggested by the user from Seattle, and I'd suggest that anyone attempting this recipie do the same, with one exception; don't double the pepper flakes! I did and mine turned out so spicy that no one wanted a second piece, even though I'd brought it to a Mexican Fiesta.
Slightly time consuming. Be patient....it is tasty and adds a wonderful flair to a dessert.
The recipe had problems, but I have made many brittles and could see that it called for too much H20 or not enough sugar. I doubled the sugar and added 1/2 C of corn syrup. The syrup got to hard-crack stage in about 25 minutes, I added the nuts & chile (also doubled) and it turned out great. Nice clear, pale gold brittle. Don't let the nuts stay in the syrup too long; mine started to brown. It is really a great unique taste.
Like the cook in Minnetonka, my brittle foamed up when I added the nuts, then looked foamy and ugly when it cooled. I don't know what I did wrong, but am not going to try this recipe again. Macadamia nuts are too good to be wasted.
I made this with Pecans instead of Macadamia nuts and it was very good. I also added an extra 1/2 teaspoon of crushed chiles, and it was the perfect spiciness.
I don't know what I did wrong (twice) but this was a disaster both times. I'm guessing it was because I used dry roasted macadamia nuts. When I poured them into the brittle it foamed up just like I'd dumped baking soda in peanut brittle. The whole mess ended up looking like..never mind.
Man, this is good! I have always been a fan of the sweet-hot spicy combination of flavors, and this is it! Make sure you cook the caramel long enough (before addding the nuts), that it will solidify as it cools. I didn't, and so just stuck the baking sheet with brittle on it in the oven at 400 degrees F. until it started bubbling, pulled it out, rearranged the nuts evenly and let it cool. THEN it was brittle. Great with banana sorbet and dark rum caramel sauce (these recipes also in the Epicurious files). Would make a fantastic Christmas gift, in a little jar or box, for a spicy foods fan.Although I wish the chocolate that could be smelled in the marinade was clearer in the final taste, this made a relatively straightforward but flavorful steak.
This recipe is a bit strange, so I can see why the other reviewer called it disappointing. I would like, though, to make it again and experiment with it. I think it has a lot of potential. Some of us liked it quite well, and others not so much, although that may have been more 'cos the flank steak itself was a little tough, rather than that the marinade was bad. Also, I made it in the broiler, not on the grill. The marinade is kind of thick so it is hard to cook the meat well on a grill without the marinade burning.
Very disappointing.I made this bc it was easy and wanted to use some of my many dried chili peppers in the pantry. Like others said, this was surprisingly bland and boring. I tried doctoring it up at end first using Mexican Maggi sauce, then a splash of cider vinegar to give it some life, and amazingly, not only did it not improve it any, it tasted the same-- bland. I sprinkled some fresh cilantro on at end and ate it w/o much satisfaction. Gave a lot of thought as to why this dish went so wrong. My hypothesis is the chilis. I would use guajillo, ancho, or chipotle chilis b/c they have some kick to them. The New Mexico Chili did NOTHING for this dish, they might as well not have been in it. I make stew that tastes better than this. Wish I had made that instead actually! Sorry for the rant, but it is rare I get so disappointed in a recipe. This was one of those times.
My first bite of this I liked. But the more I ate it, the more boring and pre-prepared it tasted. It's super easy, though, and if you like enchilada sauce, you might like it. I had originally wanted to prepare my ribs Asian style, but settled on this because of a shorter marinating time. Next time I'll try what I originally wanted to do. I will be fair, though: This could be a good winter dish served with jazzed up mashed potatoes (garlic mashed? wasabi mashed? or a nice rough mash of skin-on new potatoes with scallions butter and cream).
We were very disappointed with this recipe. Although the ribs were very tender, they didn't have the flavor that we've enjoyed with other recipes. The enchilada sauce did not serve this recipe well.
Maybe my family is easy to please but they LOVED it! Leftovers didn't make it past 11am the next day! I'll have to make this one repeatedly, no doubt. It was super easy and I can appreciate that. A winner in my house.
My experience didn't match those of other reviewers. It tasted like ribs in enchilada sauce. Easy to make though.
This is FABULOUS and EASY!!!! I have made this several times and consider it a standard for hearty eating. Marinate at least overnight - longer is even better. Two ribs/serving will suffice. Try it.
MUCH easier than my version of Arizona chile paste sauce plus roasted garlic/onion//herbs + worcestershire + balsamic + rice wine vinegar. The Hoisin sauce is the trick. Who would have thought something so good could be this easy? Prefer 325 for 3.5 hours myself (tenderness), but that's splitting hairs.
EASY AND DELICIOUS!!!!very easy to make & everyone loved them
These were just ok, I've had much better popovers. However, if you're needing to make some popovers quickly, these are the ones to make.
Very easy to make using ingredients I had on hand. I was afraid the chili powder was going to be overwhelming, but it wasn't. Next time I might add a little more cheese and something savory like onion or garlic powder.
Excellent recipe. Very easy to make and delicious. I was out of chili powder, so I left it out and it was great.I took the previous reviews suggestion and omitted the scallions. I agree that the onion flavor is a bit over powering. In addition, I didn't find this very interesting. I wish it had a few more flavors.
This dish is very easy and tasty. The green onions are over powering. You may consider using less.I like to make these with homemade corn tortillas. Try it, it's easy and delicious! Easiest way to coat the tortillas well with as little oil as possible is to slice the tortillas, put them in a plastic bag, add the (olive) oil, close the bag and mix them around until coated. Sometimes I sprinkle with Cajun salt and serve with a sesame bean dip. Yum.
This is a very easy way to impress your guests with little effort- making your own tortilla chips that is. They tasted great. Serve fresh out of the oven with salsa and guacamole or use to make nachos. Cut tortillas with kitchen scissors.
I've been making these for years and think they're great -- tasty, quick and easy. Also, if you have spices on hand, the tortillas and cheese are easily picked up in the supermarket case. I suggest using a good quality chili powder, and I like sea salt. I usually bake them for only 5-6 minutes until the cheese has thoroughly melted. I've tried hot pepper jack which is a kicker!
This is simple to make, but not sure they are worth eating. Definitly would need to be used with something else such as guacamole as they are not really that tasty by themselves.
Very tasty appetizer. Served with guacamole also and was a big hit. Just didn't have enough.Good recipe and qualifys for a thumbs up from the Poker Guys. It could be spiced up a bit more though.
This is an interesting dish. Not killer spicy, but a subtle heat that creeps up on you. I have tried it with different mixtures of chile, and made it hotter to suit my tastes.used lots more corn and i used broth instead of water to get desired consistency. served it hot and got raves from everyone at the table.
sorry, that was 4 corn to 3 water.
the 1:1 ratio of corn to liquid is a bit much for water. Serve warm or cold, up to you. I prefer hot. The Adobo was a fun touch for a cold day. I enjoyed it. use this base recipe instead for a 4 corn to 1 water ratio. http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/Fresh-Corn-Soup-103702
I took into account the suggestions, serving it hot, and not blending all the corn for added texture and found this dish quite delightful. Although I wasn't a fan of the adobe sauce.
tried this twice it somehow is too bland almost no flavor except for the chile swirl it is definitely better if you grill the ccrn and actually the onion also I have tried toalter this to make it work but i think it is too much water and not enough punch for a cold soup
I found this soup bland and didn't enjoy it cold. Will have to try suggestions to serve it warm, but am not likely to make it again.
I made this soup using leftover grilled corn and homemade chicken stock. Taking the advice of other cooks who rated it, I reserved a bit of the soup before pureeing to give it a more interesting texture and also took their advice and served it hot. It was Fabulous and my husband, daughter and I all loved every spoonful. I can't wait to have leftover grilled corn again so I can whip up another batch. It's ridiculously easy and quick to make. I'm calling my version "Grilled Corn Soup with Adobo Swirl."
I agree with reader from Appleton, this recipe tastes better when warm. I also left some corn unblended, it makes it more interesting.
Try boiling frozen corn in half broth, half medium salsa. I add some cream and cheese to the soup, and serve hot with a garnish of crumbled tortilla chips, cheese and hot sauce in the center.
tastes so much better warm and the adobo swirl is a MUST to make this recipe rock your world. YUM!
This is the one and only recipe I have tried from Bon Appetit that I haven't liked. The soup was very bland and smelled like baby food. Sorry!!My only reason to consider making this again is ease, healthfulness, and handy ingredients. Otherwise, I would only use it as a base that needs a lot of help - more curry, other spices, etc. We added some red pepper dip (Ajar), which did help.
it was pretty good, although I added a ton more curry powder than it called for. That made the taste really pop
My dinner guests loved the soup. I froze it, partially thawed it and put it into a blender to serve "smoothie" style.I am always looking for ways to use the abundance of squash from our CSA and was thrilled when I came across this. The end result was so-so and doctoring was needed. I added the juice of one fresh lime juice and it's zest(I didn't have any kaffir lime leaf on hand or I would have used that instead.), 1 teaspoon of coconut extract, and a combination of fresh mint, lemon balm, chives, Thai basil and cilantro to finish. Having worked around Thai food, I found the original recipe lacked some of the bold favors and subtle nuances that I have become accustom to. With those additions the soup is sure to become a favorite in your house as it has in mine.
I didn't like this much. It's been sitting in my fridge for two days now. I definitely didn't like it the first time I tried it. I was hungry yesterday afternoon and had another taste, and liked it better than at first; I'm not sure if this was the flavor or my hunger. I've tried several of the cold soups from the original article in Gourmet--all were a bust, so I think I'm going to stay away from now on.
I thought this was just awful, bland and bitter from the turmeric.
This is a flavorful, low fat soup. It almost fools you into thinking it's creamed! The hot version of Major Grey's Chutney gives things a little extra zip.
I substituted vegetable broth for some of the water, and added a pinch of cayenne. Still, it wasn't as flavorful as I would have hoped. The sour cream and chutney added a nice flavor. I don't know if there are different brands of Major Grey chutney, but the one I found had the consistency of very thick duck sauce - not very suitable for dolloping.
This is a great recipe for warm weather. Very refreshing and it improves the next day.
I substituted 3 cups low fat chicken broth and 1 cup skim milk and added 1/4 tsp cayanne pepper for a little zing. Perfect summer soup. Very good, would definately make again.
Excellent recipe, ideal for helping to cope with another heat wave hitting the east coast. My husbando also loved it!While the soup was refreshing and with a nice, lingering texture, I did not like the flavor - it was a bit off and rather musky. Maybe my tomatoes were the cause of the musky-ness, and it would be fine using different specimens?
I served this on a day when the temperature outside was nearly 100 degrees and my husband loved it! The sweet/salty combination along with the chives and mint was very refreshing and the tomato water was surprisingly tasty. You could almost put as much watermelon as you like and it would still be very good - will make this again.I thought this was great! I don't know why all the negative reviews...I tweaked mine quite a bit, though...I added one minced jalapeno, one minced clove of garlic, 2 extra tablespoons of sugar [even though I normally don't like really sweet things],1 teaspoon of ground coriander and a dash of hot pepper flakes. I love it! And it's important to peel the cucumber as it's a bitter flavor.
It's unique, that's for sure, and as mentioned quick and easy. My radishes were very small, so the high skin/flesh ratio turned it very pink, and fairly sharp. A sort of a foamy/crunchy texture but without any large chunks, difficult to describe. If I have another glut of radishes, I might make it again.
I'm not a general fan of radishes, but this was delicious and refreshing. However, it doesn't keep very well, so it is probably best to eat it on the day it is made!
My husband gagged and I thought is was okay if you like liquid radishes. Somethings should remain crunchy. The color was pretty and that's the best I can say about it.
This soup shaped up pink and foamy, which made a pretty presentation, especially with a few paper-thin slices of radish and cucumber floating on top as shown in the recipe photo. The soup is refreshing and..radishy. It's odd in that sense - radish is a taste that one doesn't crave. Nonetheless, my guests, a picky couple, ate every last drop, and complemented this soup as a starter on a hot night.
This soup shaped up pink and foamy, which made a pretty presentation, especially with a few paper-thin slices of radish and cucumber floating on top as shown in the recipe photo. The soup is refreshing and..radishy. It's odd in that sense - radish is a taste that one doesn't crave. Nonetheless, my guests, a picky couple, ate every last drop, and complemented this soup as a starter on a hot night.
Good hot weather starter. I followed the recipe except I added 4 oz. of sour cream at the end. I think it rounded out the flavor nicely.
Cool, refreshing, pretty, and subtly tasty. Texture was foamy rather than creamy, so I wondered if I had blended it too long; I don't think so, though, because the picture in the magazine looked just like the soup I made. It is now about an hour since I made the recipe, and I see that the uneaten soup in the blender retains the foamy texture. So that is the nature of the dish, and I expect that it will have the same quality when I eat the last of it for lunch tomorrow. I'll let you know if it doesn't turn out that way. Isn't it true that foam is all the rage among top chefs? This soup was great as a quick, low-calorie first course that took the edge off after-work hunger. Then it was easy to wait while I prepared the main course. Actually, I think 2.5 forks is the proper rating. I rounded up to 3 because it is so quick and also handy because it can be made with ingredients that are not too perishable. I didn't use the seedless cucumber---just removed the seeds from an ordinary cucumber---and didn't have seasoned rice vinegar, so I used unseasoned rice vinegar. I thought the soup was better when garnished with radish slices alone rather than with radish and cucumber slices. Radish is slightly peppery; cucumber is slightly bitter.
A very refreshing summer soup with nice flavor. Texture was somewhat grainy. Not sure if this was due to the variety of radish I used or if result would be the same using any type of radish.
I followed the recipe exactly and loved it. At our house we thought it was so fantastic and easy as well as refreshing, that I'm about to fix it for the third time in a week.
1 would have given this an even lower score were it possible - simply gross!did not cube pork, seared on stove top then braised in oven for 2hrs @300 then shredded with 2 forks, used 2lb piece. added: 2T chinese 5 spice, 1/2 t Cayenne plus a little more, zest of 1 lemon, 1/3 cup soy even though doubled all else (sugar, ginger and sherry) it was plenty salty, chopped flat leaf parsely and cilatro equal amounts on top. ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS! serve with reisling or gwertgermeiner (sp?)
this is a tasty dish and it is very good and fast to make. thanksBelieve what all the other reviewers say. The chocolate gets hard so fast you can't mix it with the other ingredients. Don't make it.
argh, what a waste of 2 lbs of chocolate! i too wish i had read the reviews before trying this recipe. i tried twice to melt the chocolate and it seized both times. i have successfully melted chocolate before and have no idea why it seized both times. the butter quantity? i would not recommend this recipe to anyone.
This recipe made me feel like a complete idiot. I am a decent cook and should have paid attention to the other reviews - everything was going fine until the chocolate turned hard. We panicked - added more butter (didn't help), and eventually added milk to thin it out some. Now I have disgusting looking lumps of chocolate covered stuff that won't set up and hold together. SO frustrating.
I am known around the office as a good baker but I did not have good luck with this recipe at all. I made two separate batches and on both, the chocolate completely seized up, just like MissizSherman mentioned. I had to add several more tablespoons of butter to get it somewhat useable. I was very disappointed and will not make this recipe again.
I am known as a good baker around the office but I made two batches of these and both times, the chocolate seized up. It was very frustrating to make. I will look for another recipe similar to this one but will never make these again. The clumps I ended up with are edible but not up to my normal standards.
I made these with blanched slivered almonds, which I toasted, instead of peanuts, and would try them next time with mini pretzel sticks instead of the noodles to try to cut out the rather impressive amount of partially hydrogenated oils. Taste-wise, these are great. But -- did anyone else find their chocolate turned into a big hard ball instead of actually melting? I'm a fairly seasoned cook, and I didn't know what to make of this!
These could not be any easier. I will try them next time with milk chocolate chips. These would be great to make with children, too!
Just like my mom used to make for us when we were kids. I made 2 batches, 1 with nuts, 1 w/o. My mom used to substutute butterscotch morsels for chocolate ones, too. Yummy...
I make a recipe very similar to this one but use chocolate or butterscotch chips (or both), peanut butter, chow mein or rice noodles, and mini marshmallows. They are always a huge hit!
Big hit last night at a picnic, though they weren't quite so set-up as they'd be in cooler weather. I used an 11.5 oz. bag of 'double chocolate' chips and a 5 oz. can of chow mein noodles. Couldn't be easier to make, a favorite consideration of mine.
I remember my grandmother making these, then my mother, and I made them for my children and my daughter makes them for my grandchildren. It is such an easy recipe that my five year old grandson makes them, too. How old is this recipe?
I grew up on these. We called them "chocolate covered worms." Silly, but fun and delicious. Fine without the peanuts, too. Make a great ice cream topper, too.This dish was quick, easy, and paired perfectly with my leftover coconut rice. I removed the shells but left the tails on and it worked fine. My one complaint was the cooked tomato tasted grainy, but February is not exactly the season for tomatoes. Next time I'll try grape tomatoes. Definitely a keeper for a quick week-night meal!
I wasn't crazy about this dish, it was a bit too spicy (garlic & ginger?) and the shrimp cooked in the shell, made it a messy eating experience!
Can you use chicken instead of shrimp? If so do you recommend any changes?
This is very similar to a dish I grew up eating, and now cook myself. My Chinese Trinidadian family makes shrimp and pepper stir fry with sherry/light soy sauce/hoisin, rather than rum and ketchup. Also, we'd use shado beni (also called culantro or "spiny cilantro") instead of cilantro. This herb is also used in Vietnamese cooking; here in my current city of Austin, Texas, I find it mostly in international or Asian groceries.
This was ok, but a pain with the shells on, Flavor was pretty goodyes, it's 1/2 C of Mexican Crema...someone does need to edit this recipe. But result is yummy and we dipped our tamales into the sauce.
Who proof reads these recipes anyway??? Another error...1/2 cup or store-bought what? Further down under Techniques it mentions crema. Are we mind readers or what?I loved this recipe although I did not have chipotles in adobo. I did have dried chipotles, so I ground them in a spice grinder, mixed a tsp with two roasted garlic cloves, mixed that with thick yogurt (greek),butter, salt, pepper and only added the cilantro just before serving. I am going to try this next with sweet potatoes, as some cooks have advised. Thank you for a nice chanage on boring mashed potatoes.
I loved this recipe although I did not have chipotles in adobo. I did have dried chipotles, so I ground them in a spice grinder, mixed a tsp with two roasted garlic cloves, mixed that with thick yogurt (greek),butter, salt, pepper and only added the cilantro just before serving. I am going to try this next with sweet potatoes, as some cooks have advised. Thank you for a nice chanage on boring mashed potatoes.
These are good-with slight modifications. I have been putting cream cheese instead of sour cream in the potatoes and like it much better than the sour cream. Also I love cilantro, but don't think its necessary in this recipe. I have also made the recipe with sweet potatoes and its equally delicious. With the sweet potatoes I omit the milk and increase the cream cheese.
When I make this recipe, I use Chipotle paste, and not chopped chipotles. Just add the chipotles into a sieve and use the paste that comes out, and discard the skin and seeds that remain. This has a lot better flavor than the chopped chipotles.
Try this with sweet potatoes instead! The smokey chipotles and the natural sweetness of the sweet potatoes are made for each other. This is a favorite on our holiday table but I made it throughout the year because it's so versatile and good for you!
I highly recommend trying the Garlic, White Cheddar, and Chipotle Mashed Potatoes on this website. Even though preparation is a little time consuming, it is so worth it! These are to die for!
My first experience cooking with chipotles. Intrigued with their potential but I agree with most of the others that this particular recipe doesn't really work very well.
this recipe was horrible, the I love "chipotle" peppers but this recipe did not work for me. SORRY!
Very tasty with a little kick. Definitely a winner for potatoe lovers.
We added quite a bit of garlic and used regular sour cream - there is nothing "low fat" or "non fat" in our kitchen! Also seasoned it with more salt than called for and it was a great dish.
Have to agree with Clinton, this was a bad idea from the start. I'm not a chipotle purist, nor a potato purist, but these two were not meant to go together, at least not in this context. The chilis added a very unappetizing color to the potatoes, and the smokiness did not play well at all with the potoatoes natural sweetness. Best to add these two ingredients to two separate dishes.
My family liked the spiciness the chipotle peppers added and I liked the dimension that the smokiness of the peppers gave to the potatoes. This really does work very well with the Tex-Mex Meatloaf, though I might want to leave the potatoes chunky rather than have them smooth, offering a larger contrast of texture between them and the meatloaf.
The flavor was sooo weak! And adding more chipotle in adobo just made it hot & oddly flavored. I suppose I could have tried bumping up the sour cream, too. Somehow I think this was a bad idea from the start.
Excellent recipe but I did make a few changes. I added a bit more non-fat sour cream (made it creamier), left the peel on the potatoes (rustic look, more vitamins). Also, I didn't have canned chipotle chiles in adobo so used 4 dried chipotle chiles (that I softened first in hot water for 20 minutes). Would make it again (with my changes).This one's a bit heavy on the garlic. I would use 1/4 the amount listed here - especially if it's made a day ahead. Also, check your cilantro before using this much - you might find that it add's a very bitter edge to it using this much. This is supposed to be a fresh, light addition with no overpoweringly strong flavors and I used 2 T cilantro and 1/3 C sweet onion and a teaspoon of minced garlic and 1/2 again more tomato than called for. Use sea salt if you can and add it after the other flavors have married for a couple of hours and right before serving.
Great tasting recipe. I'd add more spice with some added minced jalepeno or other pepper, and 1 or 2 more minced cloves. Also, it's much better the second day.
A nonthreatening recipe. Its not going to scare anyone, but It won't really excite them either.Nice chipotle flavor but otherwise nothing special.
My children love salsa. This had to be one of the best we have made. We made enough of it so we could can some and save it for the fall.We made this for an Easter brunch and it was a complete waste of time. They tasted fine but were nothing special and definitely not worth all of the time involved. They are HUGE! Each blini is ten inches across. Not what I usually think of as blini. We wound up rolling them around steamed asparagus and sour cream.
I made these for use with lox as an appetizer for Christmas dinner. Worked great, very popular. I made small dollar pancake sized blinis rather than the large ones. The rice flour made them quite light and the chives complemented the salmon.In response to the cook from Walnut Creek, I also enjoyed this recipe but note that tofu is not fat free. I'm certainly not trying to be a know-it-all but this recipe calls for about 15 grams of fat from soft tofu. Of course that's better than olive or canola oil but just wanted everyone to know that Tofu is a tasty alternative to oil but not a fat free solution.
Great texture, bland taste
Bland. My family did not care for it at all.
The flavor had improved after one day of refrigeration. Guests asked for the recipe.
Tofu must be processed in batches if using blender of small food processor to make a smooth sauce or mayonaisse. If done right, no one will know the difference from Kraft or others and it's fat free.Hmmm, I really wanted to like this recipe, and I think with a few modifications, I would have. However, as is, it's a little strange. Mostly, I found the whole okra to be a little awkward. Next time I would slice them into pieces. Also, I'd use something like kielbasa instead of the turkey leg -- cutting around all the tendon and sinew was time consuming and I think the same smokey result could have been achieved more easily in a different way.
I made this for my family last night (with a side of whole wheat baked mac and cheese) and it was a hit! Not too rich for a SF Bay Area August-- warm days and chilly nights. I would never have thought to make a broth out of corn cobs (I used a smoke pork chop instead) it was delicious! Ditto on the biscuit being bland-- next time I may add a hard cheese to give it some pop. In all this dish was fantastic-- even my two year old enjoyed it).
Stew was absolutely delicious, but shortcakes were flat, dense and incredibly bland- I'm a little annoyed I wasted the last of the fresh chives from my garden on them. Dough was way too wet to knead, let alone roll out. Very unrecommended, but I'll be saving the stew as a standalone; it was the perfect chilly early-fall night's dinner for the three of us.
I really enjoyed this. I roasted a turkey leg and used that instead of a smoked leg. Very tasty, and quite rich - portions should be small!
This recipe has a lot of depth in flavor, but it is a little too rich for a summertime dish. It's a paradox, because August is when these ingredients are at their peak.
This was just too smoky for my taste and I found that the broth had such a strange smell that it made me feel sick to my stomach. Definitely won't be making it again!These were very tasty - I don't know why the recipe got so many negative reviews! I followed the directions for the dough to the letter and everything came together quite nicely, though I think the cookies could benefit from the addition of chocolate chips. I didn't dunk them in the white chocolate. I did find the finished cookies tasted a little too much of baking soda, but I don't know that I would reduce the amount, as it would affect the rising of the dough...Otherwise, I consider them a success. Yum.
I have made this recipe twice now. First time as written except omitting the white chocolate dip; this time substituting dried cherries for cranberries and adding 1/2 c. high quality chocolate chips. I don't like biscotti this large, so I cut them in 1/2" slices and they're better for dunking ;-) Will make it again, for sure!
Wowee, as my 17 month old would say. We lOVE LOVE LOVE this recipe. I'm surprised at all the wah-wah negative reviews. I am not an accomplished baker by any means. I made these for the first itme in 2003 in Dallas (low altitude) and everyone who sampled them loved them. Now I live in Denver - high altitude - and I added more flour and diminished the sugar a bit, and same results! Everyone loves them, and I find them very easy to make. I prefer them over the '98 recipe people on this site were raving about. Those taste like sugary white bread compared to these, in my opinion. Happy baking! Jennifer
Try: 2 cups flour (omit cocoa powder) Reduce sugar to 1/2 cup Reduce eggs to 2 large Increase Butter to 1/2 cup (1 stick) Reduce baking soda to 3/4 tea spoon Also, toast almonds before mixing in. Add a small amount of shortening to white chocolate, which makes it easier for dipping.
I coudn't get the white chocolate to melt enough to dip. I think I would like these better without the cocoa.
I have made many different biscotti recipes, and this rates at the bottom in terms of amount of effort for the return. The dough was very hard to handle, and stuck to the beaters, bowl, and hands -- resulting in lots of waste. Agree that the Dec. 98 biscotti are much better!
Reading the reviews...I wouldn't bother. PLEASE try the other 1998 White Chocolate and Cranberry Biscotti. They are the first recipe I've tried and they're gorgeous. My boyfriend thinks I'm a gem for them!
This recepie turns out very tasty biscotti, I put in one teaspoon baking soda and one teaspoon baking powder instead of two teaspoons bakins soda. Or even half a teaspoon of each. I really like this biscotti, I make it all the time and give it away to my friends and family.
I prefer other recipes to this one. Something seems 'off' with the ingredients...too much baking soda?
This was my first attempt at biscotti, and although I made quite a mess in the kitchen preparing them, the end result was tasty, chocolaty and crunchy. The dried cranberries and white chocolate dip are nice touches. These also keep very well.
I had never made biscotti before and I was weary about how these would turn out. the bottoms of the biscotti seemed too dark, almost burnt. I don't like white chocolate so I tried to use dark bittersweet chocolate instead but I couldn't get it to melt smoothly. It was problem after problem with these. After all is said and done, these are tasty but not very pretty. I'd try to make another type of biscotti before I made these again.Definitely not worth the time or effort! came out tasteless, without good texture. was too hard for a cake too!
This cake had great potential, bananas and chocolate - what could go wrong? It was chewy and doughy - like it needed something - oil or butter. And it could have used the spark of salt. I cut it up like biscotti and baked it a little longer - and I will eat it with my coffee. I hate to throw it out.
Not worth the ingredients or the time and unless you are serving VERY large pieces it does not deliver a serving of fruit. Texture was so so and the banana almost overwhelmed the chocolate.
I am new to baking and so am extra cautious in following each the recipe to the T, but it kind of disappointed. I made this for our wedding anniversary as a surprise for my hubby and unfortunately he appreciated only the health factor of the cake. The cake was very dense and did not rise well. Moreover, we all felt the sugar was less for the bite. My guess is that the whole-wheat flour may have made it rather extra dense. However, I still feel that with a little tweaking around someone more experienced with baking may be able to win it, not me :( Not sure if I will try this again.
This recipe was great -- quick, delicious and easy. I substituted sugar for the splenda and used only 1/2 cup of sugar in the cake and in the frosting. The cake was dense and delicious. I used whipping cream instead of the non-fat milk in the frosting which may have made the frosting a little richer. I will use this frosting recipe for other cakes as well from now on.
Very dense cake. I enjoyed it, but some of my friends said it "tasted healthy". Good for the individual who craves chocolate and wants to make a smart dessert decision. As stated in a previous review, I probably would not make this for guests.
Followed recipe exactly... So good! Will definitely make again. Very, very yummy!
I liked this! "It's a great way to use up ripe bananas" is not usually a factor when picking a chocolate cake recipe, but this fit the bill for that today. I found it a fun and tasty alternative to banana bread. I'd agree it's not very chocolate cakelike, more a cross between cake and a sweetbread. Not really sweet but sweet enough. I had no Splenda on hand so used 1 full c regular sugar. I left out the walnuts to make up for that and keep the calories in check. Sans icing, mine is about 175 cal/serving (12 servings) and with icing, again w/ straight sugar, only about 275/piece. Healthy, good alternative to regular cake. I'd make it again but maybe not for company unless the company is dieting. :-)
Well I made a few changes. First I used 2 cups of whole wheat flour instead of using the all purpose. Then I used white and brown sugar-1/4 cup of each. When I was making the batter it was far too dry, so i added some milk to thin it out. Instead of using a pan i used muffin tins and the muffins were ready to be taken out of the oven in 25 minutes... The muffins were not sweet at all, but very nice texture. Would make again with a few changes, maybe add some chocolate chips
I didn't have any yogurt on hand so I used milk, and used sugar instead of Splenda and pecans instead of walnuts. The cake came out moist and dense. It was not too sweet but not bitter at all. I also used only 1/3 of the sugar in the frosting. Pretty tasty for how simple and quick it was.
My family agrees that it is worth making again. Consider that is a pretty healthy choice for a cake.
Not terrible, but definitely not good....tastes like bitter chocolate banana bread. Tried adding Kahlua, more splenda, and a touch of fat free half/half to the icing but couldn't ever reach the impressive point. Out of sheer last minute desperation, I served it to company, but ended up throwing most of the cake away. Not making again.
This recipe was a complete hit with everyone at the fourth of July party this year! The cake was very moist and extremely satisfying!This review is just for the frosting. It was terrible and a waste of good ingredients! Perhaps I should have taken a hint from the name "pudding frosting" because it never set up and oozed all over. I even tried adding more chocolate, but just wasted more good chocolate.
I am only reviewing the frosting. After a search for easy chocolate frosting to decorate a giant birthday cookie, this one seemed fastest. It is very easy to make, you can pipe it easily, and it tastes pretty good. It doesn't have the depth of flavor of a ganache or egg yolk-based icings, but that's a quibble. Really hard to beat for quick frosting!
I only used the frosting from this recipe and I used milk instead of water but I must say, it was simple, creamy and delicious.
I'm only reviewing the frosting, as I didn't make the cake. It's a fascinating recipe - it doesn't have the drawbacks of either classic buttercream, which is too rich for my taste, or "lowbrow" buttercream, which is too sweet for my taste. It's light and creamy, just sweet enough, not too buttery, with good chocolate flavor. It's almost like a chocolate mousse. I admit that I used more chocolate than called for - a whole bar of 85% Valhrona (3.8 oz?) and double the butter. But it's really the technique that I find so interesting. Definitely a keeper.
The cake is good of the cocoa and buttermilk variety and it's moist and easy to make. I used Becel, salt free, instead of butter, with two 8" pans which may prevent some drying, and then split each. With 4 layers I used all filling (nice and chocolatey) and so spread whipped cream with choc. shavings on the top. It's a good keeper too.
What a disappointment. Unfortunately I made this cake for a special occasion. The cake turned out so dry and spongy that I had to throw it away and buy a store bought cake.
This cake was sooo dry you need 3 glasses of milk standing by just so you don't choke to death. I would not recommend this recipe for chocolate cake. I followed the directions and did not overcook, but the cake was extremely dry.
This was a good cake, but I wouldn't consider it company-quality. It was good enough to feed my family on a weeknight, but it really wasn't anything special. The frosting was definitely creamy,but it wasn't an especially unusual, impressive or delicious cake.
This cake was moist and light.The frosting was creamy.It was the perfect birthday cake!
For a variation, substitute the water for milk when making the pudding. The chocolate flavor will not be so intense and the pudding will be less firm.I've made this cake several times, except I left out the cashews and added a thin layer of melted raspberry jam between the layers (very thin! only a hint of raspberry taste!). Very, very yummy.
Looked MUCH better than it tasted. Overall it was very dry and not very appealing.
Very good, although not as good as it looked. I might try pecans next time.
I loved this recipe - have also substituted milk chocolate for bittersweet or semisweet and have also used toasted hazelnuts and macadamia nuts in place of the cashews. I found that the cake is difficult to get out of the pan if you do not use parchment paper and butter and flour the parchment paper.This recipe is poorly written, but after some experimenting I learned a few things to help avoid crumbling. (1) Flatten out dough, don't roll into a "log". (2) Score the dough to make it easier to slice after baking. (3) Slice as soon as cool enough to handle after baking. Do not wait an hour. Also, chopping the cherries into smaller pieces can be helpful.
I hadn't noticed this was marked "healthy" before making it, otherwise I might have thought twice. I found the dough fine to work with, but the finished product wasn't great. Was kind of soft but dry, not the way biscotti should usually be (hard and dry but delicious). I dipped it in melted chocolate to improve the outcome, but still wouldn't make it again.
The dough was very dry, had to add water to make it malleable, and overall the finished product was lackluster
The dough was a bit too dry, so I had to add some water, and it crumbled somewhat when I sliced the cooled biscotti. However, they were very tasty, with a good chocolate flavor and nice chewy cherries.I was very disappointed with these cookies, especially after reading the rave reviews. I added a few tablespoons of peanut butter for extra flavor but it didn't help. The rice cereal created a strange texture and they came out tasting like virtually nothing. A waste of ingredients and calories if you ask me!
I've had problems with spreading in the past and eventually learned the source: substituting ingredients or not following directions. Use butter, not something else; make sure its softened; not melted. I've made this recipe three times and haven't had a problem. I also doubled all the ingredients except for the chocolate, same cooking time and the results were delish. Crunchy and chewy at the same time.
Great Recipe Would make it with less chocolate chips and more rice crispies. Recomend doubling the recipie because cookies come out really small so make bigger cookies. I used a pampered chef medium scoop for the sizes.
I made a few adjustments due to on-hand ingredients. For instance, I didn't have the rice cereal. I also, on some advice from a friend, added a few tablespoons of candied orange rind to the mix. Incredible!
I agree with the reviewer who said that these weren't bad but they weren't great either. I much prefer traditional chocolate chip cookies. I had no problem with the cookies spreading.
These were really GOOD very simple and quick. I left out the crunch part because I did not have any. I did not have any spreading they were a bit too salty however.
This is a great cookie! I doubled the recipe because I didn't think there would be enough to go around. It doubles easily. These cookies freeze very well and even taste great only a few minutes out of the freezer! The crunch makes them special. I add a packet of instant coffee to the dry ingredients for a mocha flavor!
I've had better chocolate chip cookies but there's something about the Rice Krispies in the dough that makes them special. Everyone is delightfully surprised when they bite into them. They need something more though...the flavor is not as buttery as it should be.
These cookies weren't bad...but they weren't great either. They ended up spreading too much for my liking while baking. Although I did enjoy the crunch that the rice krispie cereal gave them.
too much effort for a few cookies i like a recipe that will make a couple of dozen at a time. My children were not fussy about them either
I found the cookies quite tasty but portion of chocolat chipe was to much for 1/2 cup of flour. I would give the recipe 2 forks.
I only rated this dish one fork because they didn't have a zero fork option. The cookies were terrible, melted all over the pan, and in general were a waste of good chocolate.
This is a good cookie. It has a crisp chocolate toffee taste.These muffins have potential. I used brown sugar only and white, whole wheat flour mixed with flax seed meal to make them taste more like chocolate chip cookies. They were very dry, though, so next time I will add more liquid or use less flour. My kids were afraid of the way they looked, but thought the muffins were delicious once they took a bite.
These muffins had the consistency of a scone rather than a muffin. I happen to like scones, so I enjoyed the muffins. I followed the advice of reviewers and creamed the butter and added some vanilla. I also added sliced almonds because those were the nuts I had on hand.
These are the best muffins I have ever tasted. I don't quite understand why others don't like them. Yes, they are a bit dry, but I actually prefer that to greasy muffins with too much oil. I love the consistency - the cruch of the walnuts, and the wonderful chocolate taste. I always take less sugar, and more chocolate. And I recommend you do the same! I double the recipe, so you can put 1 cup of chocolate. I keep the sugar the same as for only half (i.e. 1/2 c).
The worse muffins I ever tasted, will never make again.
Very bland and dry. These need more butter, or some oil or yogurt--pretty much anything to give them more moisture. If I were to make them again, I might also add some almond extract instead of vanilla, to give them more flavor.
Used canola oil & 1 mashed banana as reviews suggested. Also used mini-choc chips & omitted the nuts. These are definitely heavier muffins, but not overly so, and still good. My 3 kids (1, 4, & 6) loved them and that was the point this time.
I use the basic recipe ALL the time, add Blueberries or raspberries or what you like........
bland, tasteless and just plain horrible. I couldn't throw them away fast enough. Awful!
I thought this recipe was great. I took the Yogourt idea, but added 2tbsp of raspberry yogourt and a little butter and extra sugar. Also added dried cranberrys and extra chocolate chips! MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMm Good!
I am always looking for something to make ahead of time that I can keep in the freezer all week and pop in the microwave for 30 seconds to have a light breakfast. I, like another reviewer suggested, added a mushed up banana and also used a bit more sugar than called for and canola oil instead of butter. And, I used 1/2 cup white whole wheat flour and 1/2 cup regular white flour (adding about 1/3 cup more of skim milk)for a bit more texture and wholesomey-goodness. We LOVE these muffins and the freezer takes nothing away from their lovely texture and flavor. Oh, another nice touch is turbinado sugar sprinkled on the top before baking. Nothing like dessert for breakfast!
Definitely cream butter rather than melt. I also added a little more milk and 2 tbsp of plain yogurt instead of 1 tbsp of butter.
I've made these as jumbo muffins. They were a real hit in my son's school. He would take one for breakfast and I'd have to send extra's for the rest of the guys--They beat out Dunkin Donuts I did omit the nuts becasue my son doesn't like them
Great snack! I have been making this recipe for years. I use canola oil instead of butter, and if I have a very ripe banana I mash that up and put it in. They are a dense muffin but that makes them perfect to carry to work - they don't fall apart.
I thought these muffins were much too dense; the batter seemed too thick and resembled something like a cookie dough. They were very dry and had a strong floury taste.
These, with a few substitutions, were wonderful! I creamed the sugar (an extra tablespoon or so) with softened butter. Also, to the wet ingredients, I added a teaspoon of vanilla extract. To the dry ingredients, I added 1/2 teaspoon or so of cinnamon. Unfortunately, I did not have any walnuts, but these muffins still came out great!
I prepared the recipe as is but the muffins were too heavy, very cookie dough-ish. I tried fluffing the butter (softened, not melted) and sugar; much better.
These objects were shaped like muffins and had choc. chips in them but other than that they did not come close to what I was hoping. They were a weird color too and definately not sweet or flavorful enough.
The whole family really likes these they are very quick & easy!we like to leave out the nuts and add more choc. chips
I've had much better muffins. These were buttery and I added more chocolate chips. I sprinkled sugar on the tops (more sugar was suggested which helped.) They were very quick and worked fine without paper liners. Just not as tasty as I expected.
I thought these muffins were really bland. Even the chocoholics in my house didn't really like them. I wouldn't make these again.
This is a good basic muffin. I'd actually give it 2 1/2 stars. The muffins are not very sweet, so if you like a sweeter muffin, add more sugar. I toasted extra oats and sprinkled them on top, which gave them a nice crunch. Also, mine were done in 14 minutes.
Very good. I doubled the recipe so I would have 12 muffins instead of just 6. I used 1 cup of white flour and 1 cup of whole wheat flour and substituted cinnamon chips (from the King Arthur catalog) for the chocolate chips. Everybody loved them!
Great recipe and easy to make with ingredients you would usually have on hand. Kids love this muffin! Remember, this recipe only makes 6 muffins rather than your usual 12.
Great Muffins! I finally found a good recipe. Using it as a base, I substituted the chocolate chips and nuts with apples and raisins and added some cinnamon. Everyone loved them.This recipe is no horrible, it needs some serious tweeking. I just made it and I have to say that it is a bit dry, despite me adding 1/3 cup of vegetable oil. I will give it another try, using cake flour and adding 1/2 cup of oil with 1/3 cup of sour cream.
I thought it was awsom I just added 3 tablespoons more.
It was a decent cake, but a bit dry. To offset the dryness, we whipped whipping cream (no Cool Whip for us!) and served the cake with the cream. The dryness was much less noticeable, and the cream tasted great with the chocolate chips.
This cake turned out dense, crumbly and not very tasty. It was like a big, dry cookie. Not worth the effort.
This was a very good pound cake. I'm new at cooking, and this was a good place to start. This tastes just like regular pound cake that you would normally find in a bundt pan, except 10 times better! There was just enough sugar to balance this dish out, and it was easy to remove from the pan. After all of the ingredients were mixed together, I realized it was a little dry so I added about 1 extra teaspoon of milk and that made it easier to put in the pan, and it tasted moister. I will definitely make this again!!
Blech - This cake was too dry and heavy. I was expecting a "real" pound cake.
This is not pound cake - this is a loaf type cake. It does not live up to the rich, dense and buttery rendition of traditional pound cake - it was quite dry and crumbly. It's a good snack cake for mornings with coffee (instead of a muffin). The cake is quite sweet, but not for dessert fare. Like the first reviewer, check it after about 50 min. On a positive note, it's very quick and easy!
Did not like the consistency at all. Probably would come out good if you cream instead of melt the butter.
Very good! I made it in a bundt pan and it was done in one hour.
I didn't think it had enough sugar-sweetness to balance the bitter-sweetness of the chocolate chips. I would definitely serve it with something (the strawberry coulis sounds like a good idea).
Loved it!! I served mine with a strawberry coulis ... yummy!
This has become one of my "old reliable" recipes - I almost always have the ingredients on hand and can put it together in no time. I think it bakes faster than the recipe says - start checking after about 50 minutes.cake mix is the last thing i want to pu t in something from scratch.
These were absolutely revolting!!! Mayonnaise in a cookie - worst idea EVER.
These were very rich, but too crumbly, and a bit too salty. Not very healthy either. I wanted something easy and fast, which is why I chose this recipe, but the results disappointed. I found a mayo that had vinegar and paprika, but no garlic, etc., so I figured I'd be ok (Dukes brand). My kitchen had a bad "cooked mayo" smell for a couple days after. My husband liked them and I tried to, but just couldn't get past the salty mayo taste and crumbly texture.
This is a wonderful recipe !!!!!!They were easy to make and the mayo surprised everyone! These are the best chocolate cookies ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Mayo is basically oil and eggs, its not that strange and makes a great cookie
this recipe is absolutely gorgeous, i have tried other chocolate cookies and none of them compare to this. the mayo didn't seem too good.
I'm typically a very experimental cook. But Mayo? In a cookie recipe?
these are very good just don't put in the mayo
I only wish I had read the reviews FIRST. These were disgusting and a waste of time and money.
I agree with the wise cook from Tasmainia Austrailia. Stay away from this one.
A fast, fun recipe. It's hard to keep people from eating the dough.
Kids love these cookies and they are easy to make.
Take my word and don't try this.
A very rich and delicious chocolate cookie...gotta have milk! One thing, though...make sure you use mayonnaise that doesn't have garlic and other spices in it - otherwise the cookies taste a little bit funny. You may have to search, but there are mayonnaise products without garlic!I loved this when it was first published, but I lost the recipe. I'm glad it finally dawned on me that I might find it on the internet. It is really good, even if you are a fan of "classic" rice puddings.
I have never tried rice pudding before, so maybe I just am not a big fan of the stuff... but personally the chocolate flavor seemed odd. I WAS able to cook it for 45 mins, and it became thick and creamy in that time. Next time I want chocolate pudding though, I am reaching for the jell-o instant box!
This is a great pudding. The cinnamon flavor was perfect. I defied the recipe and used skim milk (but added 1T of butter) and it turned out beautifully. I didn't have bittersweet chocolate, so I used 10T of cocoa and 3T of butter instead, and 1/3 cup of sugar-- worked great. I also added 1/3 cup of slivered almonds. It is a very rich dish-- so I would serve it with a little whipped cream! YUM! However, it did take 1.5 hours for the rice to reach proper texture.
This recipe was a real disappointment. The rice never reached the proper texture, the pudding lacked volume, the flavors were too intense and and the final product was unattractive.
This recipe was inaccurate (or my stove is really off!); the rice was NOT cooked by 45 minutes, and the recipe didn't describe well enough what "done" looks like. (The rice and milk should come together like a thick porridge). I had to look it up in Joy of Cooking! (I've never made rice pudding before.) The chocolate flavor is strange, if you like traditional rice pudding (very sweet)I added salt (teaspoon) to this recipe and liked them enough to include in Chritmas cookies baskets! My family loves them.
I have made this twice and still don't like the results. The first time I chopped the almonds very fine in a food processor and decided that they were chopped too fine. The second time I chopped them more coarsely, but still ended up with a globby mess. The taste was fine (although it could do with more almonds) but there was nothing to "sprinkle". I am going to refrigerate and see about breaking up the globs, but overall this was a disappointment."Dough will be stiff...will be hard to slice and may crumble." Way to sell your recipe! I won't be making these!
I could have killed my whole family with this log it was so heavy and hard. After refrigerating for 4 hours I tried to slice it and it totally crumbled. I tried making balls a couple days later and it was no easier. My husband ate the cookies which must have weighed 1/4lb each. Would not make these again.
BEWARE. The dough splintered when sliced and the cookies were not particularly tasty. WIth so much chocolate, there was a very narrow window between underdone and scorched. I'm an experienced baker, I used high-quality ingredients, and I followed the recipe to the letter.
I would definitely make these again. I was looking for a recipe to approximate a high-end gourmet chocolate shortbread/sugar cookie I've purchased in the supermarket. After reading the other reviews about the difficulty in mixing and forming this dough I tried a different method. You should ignore the instruction to "mixing in cocoa, baking soda, and melted chocolate AFTER adding flour (dough will be stiff)." Instead, try mixing the cocoa in with the dry ingredients of the butter cookie recipe, and mix the melted chocolate in with the wet ingredients, before adding the dry ingredients. This worked quite well for me. I agree w/other reviewers who said forming the cookies into balls with room temp. dough was easier, however, I was able to do the chill and slice method. It's a little tricky but the results were a thinner, more tender/delicate cookie. I rolled the balls in sugar and flattened them with the bottom of a glass; I sprinkled the sliced/chilled cookies with sugar before baking. Recipe works quite well with "white" whole wheat flour. I also baked these for a little less time, though that could be my oven. The results were delicious; even my husband who doesn't generally like sweets loved these.
This recipe is a huge pain in the neck. I'm glad the instructions described the difficulty with it--the dough is super hard and crumbles very easily. I had to re-form half the cookies before baking--luckily they came together, but each of the ones that had broken showed fault lines in the final product. I actually thought this whole article in Gourmet was a bust--conceptually interesting but executionally poorly done.
Outstanding Cookies. Divine taste, and texture. You may roll them in any kind of nut, sugar or candy. I made them two years ago, and my Family now askes for them every year!
These are extremely time-consuming, require expensive ingredients, and do not taste very good. I also do not suggest the slicing method, as the dough will become extremely hard and almost impossible to slice (rather like cutting chocolate blocks - kept flaking into pieces). Will never make these again.
I got rave reviews when I took these to my work. They are a great chocolate cookie
Received a gift of the basic butter cookies and these DIVINE super-chocolately cookies and asked for the recipe immediately. I made the chocolate cookies and rolled them in toasted walnuts, crushed candy cane and even made a light sugar glaze to dress a few up. If you like intense chocolate cookies, this is the recipe for you. Delicious!
I made this along with several other variations of the basic butter cookie recipe, and I have to say it was the worst. It had an ok flavor, but was very lackluster and unholidayish. Also, when rolled into a log and cut, the cookie are just flat and ugly. If you must make this cookies, I recommend the ball method, they look much more palatable that way. This cookies are not worth wasting quality ingredients on.
These cookies are wonderful with just a few minor amendments... I used Rapunzel organic cocoa powder and Scharffen Berger 62% cacao semisweet baking chocolate. Rather than refigerate the dough and slice cookies, I instead portioned the dough out in heaping teaspoonfuls and rolled each one into a ball. I coated each ball in chopped almonds, placed them on cookie sheets and then flattened each into a 2" disk with the flat bottom of a drinking glass. They look great, no dough was lost to crumbling, and most importantly, they taste terrific! Try the different method and you will change your opinion about these cookies.
After making the butter recipe which was some what easy, I added the chocolate ingrediants which made this dough impossible to work with. The cookies came out tasting burnt even though they weren't and the dough just crumbled and was completely unmanageable.
The cookie is ok, but a PAIN to make. Much easier recipes out there, like Black Gold, a very yummy cookie.
Complete waste of time. The dough crumbles and the cookies do not taste good. Yuck.
I served these at a holiday party and they were the crowd favorite. I used Valrhona cocoa powder (not Dutch process), and, reading some of the other reviews, I think that may have made a big difference. I am making them again for the family now.
I would have liked to give these a four, but just can't. From a flavour perspective, they're excellent; a rich, bittersweet chocolate set off by the salt from the pistachios. From a yield perspective, though, this recipe is not successful as I lost a great deal of dough to crumbling. I found thicker slices worked better, and so only produced 30 (whole) cookies.
These were the worst cookies I ever made until I added another 1 1/2 cups sugar, 1/2 stick butter and another egg. Then they were very good. Are you sure someone tested those cookies? They were bitter bitter bitter.
Delicious! Will definitely make again. The key to this recipe is to let the dough warm slightly prior to cutting it (tp orevent crumbling) and to allow the cookies to cool for 5 minutes on the sheet before transferring to the rack (to prevent breaking). They harden up quite nicely after that. I did not use the nuts, and sprinkled a bit of glitter on the top for Christmas flair. Yum!
Ick! What a mess. These completely fell apart. What a waste. Do yourself a favor and find a better recipe. This is NOT a keeper.
Roll the edges of the unbaked cookies first in egg white so that the pistachios stick better. Slightly underbake the cookies then let them sit on the cookie sheet for a few minutes before cooling on a wire rack.I burnt my fruitcake (about 10 lbs of it) so I used the middle unburnt part in this recipe. It had a different taste but I gave some to my cousin for Christmas and she said I should sell them. My husband said they weren't that good and then polished off about 20. You have to use good fruit cake though. That stuff with all the citron and fake colored fruit that you get at US supermarkets is disgusting and anything from it will be disgusting. Use proper fruitcake (dried apricots, glace cherries, golden raisins, almonds, pecans, walnuts, good brandy) and good chocolate it will be good. It reminded me of this chocolate bar with dried fruit in it that I once had from Croatia, so if you are craving something like that it might fill the bill. (But it will be expensive to make!)
Disgusting!!
SOunds like a great way to use up leftover fruitcake. I can't wait to try it.I have no clue what I did wrong!! I went by the recipe and I took one bite into the cupcake and half of it crumbled, not to mention the cheesecake middle tasted like soap. This all probably happened because of something that I did. Truly sounded like a good recipe.
I actually quite liked these cupcakes. They aren't your traditional supersweet with a heaping mountain of frosting cupcakes but they are tasty. The only thing I changed based on previous reviews was I did cut down on the salt (which was a good choice). Beyond that the only thing I can think of that would make them better is to serve them with a little homemade raspberry jam. Though not the best cupcakes I've ever had, they will definitely give you your chocolate/cheesecake fix.
This recipe worked well for me. I followed it almost exactly...the only thing I might change is to add a little more sugar to the cupcake part of the recipe. I am surprised there were so many negative reviews--and I am confused by those of you who say it made "way more" than 12 cupcakes. When I made it, I got 16 cupcakes instead of 12, but that's not abnormal for a recipe. Also, make sure you only fill your cupcake slots only 1/3 of the way full with batter and you shouldn't have a problem. My cupcakes looked beautiful, no mess to be had!
These Cupcakes were good, but not great like I thought they would be. Chocolate? Cheesecake? How could it be wrong? Alas - meh. Maybe if I made a "bunch of little changes" they might have been really good, but I doubt it. They were eaten. Nobody spit it out. Nobody moaned with delight. I expect moans with cheesecake and chocolate. I won't make it again.
Despite bad reviews, I had a single 8 ounce package of cream cheese I needed to get rid of and this recipe was perfect. I made a bunch of little changes, and the cupcakes came out great. For the filling, I used a 1/4 teaspoon of salt instead of a 1/2, and used regular table salt instead of kosher salt for the cupcakes. I also only had unsweetened chocolate (powder and bars) in the house, and non-fat milk. Since I only had unsweetened chocolate, I added extra sugar. The result wasn't very pretty, but tasted reaaal good. :3
WOW, I can't believe these reviews. Everyone LOVED these cupcakes. I only made 12 and yes, there was a lot of filling and batter. The cupcakes overflowed and the bottoms caved in a bit from the weight of the top, but the taste was unbelievable. The only changes I made to the recipe were adding extra Mexican Vanilla and using 1 cup of regular sized semisweet chocolate chips to the filling instead of the 1/4 cup of mini. Perhaps that is why the cupcakes weren't salty.
I do not recommend this recipe. I was very disappointed as I depend on the magazine for recipes I've never tried before to be excellent & reliable. Every comment made by reviewers (too salty, too much overflow, not sweet) was correct. My kids (5 & 7) did not like them at all (and they usually eat pretty much everything!). Run away from this recipe as fast as you can! You'll regret it if you make them! I did.
I also agree that the proportions were a bit off. Our attempt made about 18 cupcakes and we still had some cream cheese mix left over. Also, I agree that the cream cheese mix was a bit salty. Next time I will reduce or leave the salt out of the cream cheese mixture.
I am not a baker but I made these for a work event. I used all the batter for 12 cupcakes so there was some overflow once they baked and it took longer than the recomended time. I was a little nervous after trying the cream cheese mix before it was baked but they were great and everyone loved them. No issue with anything being to salaty but I just eyeballed it. They were so moist and rich. I may add a little more sugar to the cream cheese mixture next time but overall I thought these were great.
I have to wonder how this recipe got published! It has errors in the amounts - there is enough batter for at least 18 cupcakes and there is way too much salt - did they test this recipe? There have to be better recipes for black bottom cupcakes out there maybe even on epicurious!
I have been making a similiar version of these for years. The filling is spot on, but these cupcakes are more complicated than my simple recipe and the results aren't worth the extra effort. When these are made right, they are incredibly moist and delicious. Years ago I lost this recipe and found it again on the internet - well worth the search.
My main problem with this recipe is that it makes literally double what the recipe says, so my first batch I tried to fit all the batter in 12 cupcakes, which led to overflowing cups and no visible cream cheese. So my advice is to plan on making 18-24 cupcakes with the batter and filling rather than just 12. As for the flavor of the resulting cupcakes, they turned out great. I used regular chocolate chips and thought that was just fine. I loved the texture dichotomy between the the cream cheese and the chocolate cupcake. I removed promptly at 35 minutes, which made them extra-moist and chocolatey. I did not find the cream cheese filling too salty, and because the cupcakes are so sweet already I liked that the cream cheese mixture was not so sweet.
These cupcakes were not very good at all. The cream cheese filling just didn't have that YUM factor and the cupcakes were lacking in sweetness overall. I followed the recipe to a 'T' and some changes definitely need to be made before these cakes should leave the house.
The cream cheese filling was way too salty. I thought maybe it was just the batter and would taste different once it was cooked, but it was still salty. I will not make these again.
I wasn't impressed. cupcakes came out with flat tops that broke off at the edges. The filling was too salty and not sweet enough. I have a much better black bottom cupcake recipe.
Made these yesterday for a dinner party of kids and adults - everyone liked them. To the reviewer who said the cake was crumbly, I'd guess you overcooked them. I didn't find them oversalted, but everyone's got their own palate!
The cake was great, not too sweet, although mine came out super crumbly. The cream cheese was a nice idea and turned out OK but I would reduce the salt next time, and maybe add a little more vanilla/sugar.
The cupcakes were good but the cream cheese filing added nothing! I agree with the other reviewers, there is something not quite right about the filing recipe...too salty not enough sweet. I used a pastry bad to pipe in my filing. I ended up frosting them with vanilla icing and when you had a mouthful of chocolate, cream cheese and vanilla it was yummy but with just cupcake and filing...m'eh.
Ok, I agree with folks who complain when others drastically change a recipe then rate it. However, this one does have a bit of merit. I made these last evening for co- workers and got several requests for the recipe. I took the concept, BUT, because of time limits, used a boxed mix(triple chocolate fudge, no less), and then added the cream cheese/cheesecake center, following the directions as listed. As others mentioned, I don't typically add all the salt listed, so this was not an issue. I did ice them once the cupcakes cooled. And the box mix makes more than 12--so good for a group. With THESE changes, this will be a recipe I will repeat.
I made these as written and was disappointed with the filling. It had a strange taste. Kids didn't eat them either. Maybe more sugar in the cream cheese.
first off, there is WAY too much salt in this recipe, particularly in the cream cheese filling! i used 1/2 that amount and the finished product was still dangerously close to unplatable. i also cut the salt in the cake itself in half. don't get me wrong, i'm not one of those anti-salt goofuses (goofi?), but this was extreme. i personally liked that the cupcake was not overly sweet, but that didn't win any favors with the kiddies in the crowd. i guess the ones in the article have a more refined palate then these, lol. the concept gets a fork, but there are better recipes to use your precious chocolate on.Filling was delicious, as was the glaze - but the dough for pastry was a disaster. Followed the recipe exactly, and they came out like pancakes. So, I made a regular cream puff dough, and enjoyed 'not so chocolate' croquembouches. Probably won't make again.
I have a recipe for profiteroles that is foolproof and i have used it for years. Melt stick of butter in a cup of water and bring to the boil.When boilin rapidly take off stove. Add in a cup of regular flour and mix by hand until you can shape into a ball. Cool for about 10 minutes. Add 4 eggs and mix again. Takes a while, but will eventually turn into dough. Put teaspoons onto greased sheet and bake for 30 minutes in 400 oven. Dont need anything more to make it rise. And there's no need to be rude.
Despite the harrowing reviews, I put forth the courage and attempted this amazing recipe for a class picnic. It was the hit of the day!!! Not only did it look great on the plate in its little pyramids, but it tasted amazing as well!!! The hardest part is getting it to stay in a pyramid shape. The only recommendations i have is to follow the directions to a T and it will turn out great!
As noted by the other reviewers, the cream puffs did not puff, they were just lumps of dough. Disappointed.
i encourage everyone to read the "Pastry Chef"'s contribution, third from the bottom.
The problem with this recipe is that the batter is made with cocoa powder. Yes, the flour is there to make the batter puff up but when it's mixed in with the cocoa powder it just doesn't work. If you really want to make this recipe, try omiting the cocoa powder and adding a bit more flour, but not too much.
I should have read the reviews before I attempted this disaster. The filling was wonderful as was the glaze, but the cream puffs did not turn out. Referred back to Julia and the Joy of Cooking and both recommended pate a choux, which as mentioned by another critic, should be a thick paste. This was not the case with this recipe. Don't waste your time with this recipe for the cream puff.
Awesome!!!!
What a disaster! I was a little worried as I read other reviews. If you attempt to make this recipe here are some suggestions- don't add flour to the batter even though it is very runny. Make sure you mound it up high on baking sheets and bake the times it says. I ended up just cutting each puff in half and piping chocolate between the two sides- don't do the poke a hole thing.
I don't know whether this particular recipe works as intended (having never tried it), but what this guy is describing sounds like pate a choux, which is a partly cooked *batter* (NOT a dough) that produces pastries leavened by steam. It's supposed to be a thick batter, one that pulls into v-shaped sheets from the beaters. It's going to be impossible to handle with your hands (unless they're coated with teflon), so you must use a pastry bag (or ziploc bag with a corner cut off) to properly dispense the stuff -- note that he left that detail off. If you add flour to the mix to handle it with your hands, you will be in trouble, because the dough is too heavy to be leavened by steam alone!
Follow the directions and the picture. My problem was that I didn't follow the picture when decorating it. Instead of poking holes, you should cut the puffs in half to put in the cream. Otherwise, it's pretty good!
I tried to halve this recipe and the filling came out beautifully but the cream puffs were a disaster. I kept adding flour, both to the saucepan and after the eggs until I could shape it, then baked them. They were so hard and nasty I threw them out and added cocoa to Julia Child's recipe and they came out wonderful. I thought it was just that I messed up the technique, but the consensus seems to be that the cream puff recipe is off somehow. I also made larger puffs and just dipped the tops in chocolate instead of stacking them up.
Also found both the dough & the cream to be too wet. Too messy for me too work with, my husband persisted with choc covered hands & they got rave reviews. Next time I will add more flour to the dough & cook the cream a little longer.
The dough is a liquid mess once the eggs are added. I had to throw away the first batch. For the second batch, I doubled the amount of flour in the dough, and it worked out much better. I would make the recipe again, but only with twice the flour this recipe calls for.
I agree with another cook - the dough is impossible when you add the eggs
I made this for a Christmas open house party and assembled the puffs into a pyramid. It looked wonderful and tasted very chocolatey. I found the recipe made a lot of extra pastry cream which was absolutely delicious! So be prepared to have another use for the cream- or serve it alongside the puffs as well as inside of them. I didn't have any problems with the puff ingedients not incorporating- they turned out great. Overall, a very good recipe if you love lots of chocolate.
I am a Pastry Chef. The problem with the recipe is that there is not enough flour in the pate choux also use a bavarian pastry cream as the filler or a mousse it is more stable.
The cream puff recipe was a liquid mess. I remade the puffs using a traditional recipe adding the cocoa powder and sugar. The pastry cream, however, was delicious. I thought that 8 stacked on individual plates was too large a serving, so I stacked them up on a footed cake plate, and it was very impressive.
When I added the eggs to the cream puff dough, the dough liquefied and was ruined.These cupcakes are tasty, although on the smaller side. I doubled the recipe and came out with only 18 cupcakes. I used dark chocolate chips, instead of butterscotch, and was pleased with the result!
The cupcakes turned out beautifully and didn't even cave. I added an extra tablespoon of flour because I live at high altitude and it seemed to work well. I will most definitely use this recipe again.
The cupcakes are much lighter than I expected, but they were pretty tasty. I did add vanilla to the recipe after I made the first batch and that made the texture more consistent and gave it a richer taste. Overall, I would make these again in a pinch, but this is not my favorite recipe.
I used strong coffee in place of the hot water to dissolve the cocoa and added 1 cup of melted bittersweet chocolate to this recipe. It was delicious and very moist. I omitted the icing and served it with mixed berries and vanilla ice cream.
Were very hard and not sugary enough! Better cupcake recipes out there.
I found the cupcakes to be great.They went very quickly at our fourth of July party. I added red and blue food coloring to the icing to make them very patriotic.
This is a quick and simple cupcake recipe if you are in a hurry. If I do make it again, I would double the recipe, since I only got about 6 cupcakes out of this.
This was pretty disappointing. The flavor was pretty bland, but the texture was OK. There are definitely better recipes out there.
Don't bother - I wanted to use some left-over butterscotch chips for this. Very disappointing. The cupcakes were dry, chalky and flavorless; not rich and moist as cake should be (I don't like to use cocoa for this very reason). I even added vanilla in case it lacked flavor, and that didn't even help. Plus, using 3 bowls for this was a bit to laborious. Furthermore, the so-called icing was like a sauce. The tates don't mesh and a store bought mix and icing would have been better!These looked great coming out of the oven, very rustic looking. However, they were completely dry, not gooey at all and I didn't get any of the chicory or espresso flavor at all. I would not serve this to anyone.
I was surprised by the previous review. I am challenged by anything needing to be baked, but I thought this could be easy.It is all in a cup and not to worry if it did not look pretty. Knowing it is just not a pudding but it is a cake so that means time in the oven... and time! It was a winner as the flavor of chocolate and coffee were GREAT! I thought I would be turned off by the Chicory but it did not over power the flavor. I actually tried all the recipes listed and went out and purchased the cookbook. Nice stories to think about when cooking these desserts which are not hard at all.
I'm a good cook and everything about this recipe said "Whoa" to me. A souffle-like dessert without eggs? A pudding that requires 55 minutes in the oven? Bottomline: I should have paid attention to the red flags. This was perhaps the WORST recipe I have ever made. The entire thing went into the garbage. Thank God that I wasn't planning to serve it to guests.We love chocolate. We love peanuts. And we love coffee ice cream. To us, this recipe was an attempt to combine three great ingredients that just didn't work. Mine looked exactly like the photo. The flavors competed with the ice-y cold textures, and the peanut and chocolate flavor lost out. The richness of the ice cream was fine without the frozen chocolate. The peanuts seemed to soften with freezing, losing all of their appeal. Pretty yes, but no fun to eat.
Man!I love this recipe.I must have more dessert recipesWell, it did come out as bark. It was hard to make but it looks fabulous on top of our double chocolate layer cake. It is on epicurious to.
Well, it did come out as bark. It was hard to make but it looks fabulous on top of our double chocolate layer cake. It is on epicurious to.
I couldn't get this recipe to work, either. I tried it at different temperatures and levels of hardnesses and with different tools. I think I'll take the other reviewer's advice and peel curls off a block of chocolate, instead.
Curls? What curls? It came out more like tree bark but nothing resembling curls. I made the recipie again with a touch of oil to hold the chocolate together and it didn't work. I used a metal spatula, knife, and other impliments with no success. Use a vegetable peeler on block chocolate - that works!I didn't make the ice cream because I've always felt saffron was a little overrated. The crust was nice and flaky but I did add extra cream because the dough wouldn't hold together without it. The chocolate pastry cream was devine. I did make it the night before but I also used some Lindt dark chocolate with Ghiradelli semisweet chips because I was doubling the recipe and didn't have enough of either. My husband was not as delighted with it as I or my sons.
I gave this recipe two forks because while I found it to be very bland (like the other reviewers I skipped the saffron), I do think that there is quite a bit of potential here - it looks too good to give up on so easily. I made it last weekend for dinner and will be making it again this weekend with some changes. I will try to make the cookie sweeter and will substitue toasted pecans for blanched almonds. Like another reviewer, I found the cookie to be too dry - I will try to rectify that too with more cream and a whole egg. For the pastry cream, last time I made it the same day it was served. This time I will make it one day ahead and will use a better quality chocolate, add in some orange rind, more cream and halving the vanilla (it was too strong for my tastes). Also, I will use homemade ice cream. I really hope that it will come out better this time as I am making it for my mother in law.
This recipe is only as good as the chocolate you use. I served it to real chocolate fanatics and they loved it. It's simple to make and I think making the custard a day ahead enhances the flavor. Easy and great for company as it can be made ahead and assembled just before serving. I know few saffron fans so served it with whipped cream and orange zest
I made this recipe yesterday, and did not find it a hard recipe to make..I made the pastry and the chocolate filling the same day. I did find the pastry when cooked a little crumbly and a little drier than I like. The chocolate filling I used 1 cup of half and half and 1/3 cup of skim milk, I feel that added to the richness of the chocolate. I also used a very high quality chocolate. Next time I will use my own pastry and to the chocolate pudding I will add some orange rind and maybe some orange liquer or coffee liquer..
This is an ammendment to my earlier review. While this dessert did not draw any raves during dinner, my husband later asked me where I bought the tarts because he liked them. So, I guess these taste like they came from a bakery---- which depending on the bakery might be an OK thing.....
This was just so so and it took quite a bit of time to make, even though I skipped the saffron ice cream. The chocolate filling did not have any wow factor and the crust was kind of icky. And while I guess the saffron was supposed to make this dish "spanish" it didn't remind me of anything I ever had living in Spain. (I guess I knew that from the picture also, as it didn't look like anything you'd get in Spain)
I thought this recipe was just OK. The chocolate flavour seemed to develop overnight but I still don't think it is worth making. There are more chocolately tasting desserts out there that are more worth the effort. The indivdual presentation looked good but then the "wow factor" for taste just wasn't there.
The desser was wonderful and easy to make. I didn't go for the saffron ice cream, but vanilla ice cream is necessary as it helps cut the sweetness of the chocolate custard.
It tastes like gloppy chocolate pudding in a non-descript crust - not sure what went wrong!I wish I could give this cake 0 forks -- it was not worth the time, effort or expense. However, the frosting itself was very good. That's the only part we all ate. I'm keeping the frosting recipe to use on a better chocolate layer cake recipe.
This cake was easy to make and good enough but I prefer a lighter cake. The icing was fine, not spectacular.
I didn't care too much for the cake, but the frosting is to die for!!
Great!!!
I don't make a lot of cakes, but I thought this one was good. Not sure if a packaged cake mix would be just as good and a lot easier and cheaper. The quality of the choclate can have a lot to do whether you like this recipe. I'm tired of the flourless cakes that are so heavy. I wasn't able to fit a bowl with ice and water in my mixer, so I put the bowl of frosting in ice to get the bowl very cold, then I put the bowl in the mixer, worked really well.
I wasn't crazy about the cake part of this recipe although I'd definitely use the frosting recipe again.This cake was outstanding. Based on the other reviews, I decreased the cinnamon a bit and also lowered the oven temp a little. I used a 9-inch square pan. The cake rose a full two inches to the rim and stayed there. I wrapped the pan with damp strips of old dish towels like I had been taught. You can also buy straps to wrap around your pan. The cake was moist and delicate. I loved it. I would think this recipe was intended for TWO loaf pans, there was a lot of batter. I think it would also bake well in a 9X13 pan.
I've been a cook and baker for 30 yrs. I was very disappointed in this recipe. I followed the directions exactly, including using the bottom rack of the oven. The bottom and sides burned and the middle was still raw. I can't imagine what happened. Perhaps the oven temp should be 325 and the cooking time longer.
Didn't believe the reviews, so tried it, but something's not right here. Mine spilled over too -- surely this is too big a recipe for this size pan?
I baked it at 325 and put in less cinnamon. The cake fell in the middle. In addition it was very dry- in short, it neither looked nor tasted good. Do not make it.
After reading the mixed reviews of this cake, I was hesitant to make it, but I followed the suggestions and lowered the heat which helped. My only suggest is that it should be baked for 45 minutes instead of 55. Remember that chocolate always appears less done than it really is.
Easy recipe. Definitely worth making, especially for chocolate lovers. The flavors blend well together combining the taste of Honey Cake that Jews are familiar with for Rosh Hashanah with a chocohalics love for desserts that include chocolate! Would make again.
This was my first disappointment from this site. I followed the recipe exactly. I decreased the amount of cinnamon as suggested. I reduced the heat to 325 as suggested. The darned thing bubbled up and all over my oven. The stench of charring chocolate filled my house. When it appeared to be done, the center fell, leaving two high ends and the depressed center, which was slightly gooey. My husband and I started calling it "saddlerock" cake because it looked like a saddle and the ends were hard as rocks. Fortunately we were able to buy a honey cake for Rosh Hashana.
Although I took it out of the oven before the middle was set, it ended up dry. Also, it calls for too much cinnamon.
Wonderful! Would just reduce the baking time a little bit. Made it again and this time baked it at 325F and it was incredible! Much better- should definately reduce the temperature
This is very very good. I had a very hard time getting it to firm up in the middle, which was frustrating. It's very sweet and rich. I might cut back on the cinnamon the next time.This recipe is excellant if mixed with heavy cream the way the chocolate praline croquembouche recipe meabs it to be. I've made it for years and never had a problem.
If you wait to add the sugar, cornstarch, cocoa powder, and salt to the eggs until the milk comes to simmer, the cream won't be thick. Pour a little hot milk into the egg mixture while adding the dry ingredients then add the entire egg mixture to the milk and stir til it thickens.
In itself, this pastry cream is too thick and practically useless. However, when folded into heavy cream such as in the recipe for Chocolate Praline Croquembouche it is sublime! I've used it several times and with excellent results.
This was too dense and heavy. Not a good recipe AT ALL!! The cornstarch didn't have an option but to clot!! I made this recipe to fill mini-eclairs and I had to remake another recipe.. I used Richard Sax's recipe for Double Chocolate Pudding out of his Classic Home Desserts cookbook and it was a winner and a keeper. It is the same idea of the one I made that was a disaster, but uses different quantities of liquids and starch. The result was professional and delicious. This cookbook is my bible for desserts, I should have trusted it in the first place!
how do you expect to cook the flour if you do not cook it
Yech! Bitter. Burned extremely easily. I would just bring it to a boil - not boil it for a minute.Great cake on the first try! Moist and flavorful. Make sure to use a not too-bitter dark chocolate (60% cocoa solids or a 50%/60% mix is best). Just to be on the safe side (don't like under-sweetened cakes), added about 1 tablespoon more sugar to the nut paste and about 1 tablespoon each of the white and brown sugar to the cake batter. BTW, all the cake batter ingredients (except egg whites, of course,) can be blended together in the food processor used to prepare the pistachio paste. It's much easier than trying to beat the relatively stiff mix with a whisk. Transfer the resulting mixture to a bowl and fold in the whipped egg whites. Also make sure, as the recipe suggests, to bake only till cake tester comes out still coated with a little bit of batter. The resulting texture on cooling will be like that of good, moist brownies. To preserve the moistness of the cake, I would pour the still-liquid (but not warm) ganache over the cooled cake to coat it entirely. That way the cake will stay moist for longer. No need to use a plastic wrap (just a cake dome).
Not the best flourless chocolate cake I have made, but I made mine with walnuts since I couldn't find unsalted pistachios at my local grocery store. The oil did start separating from the nut mixture, but seemed to work fine. It was a little dry. and did not have a super-rich chocolate flavor or a super nutty flavor. I thought it was sweet enough, but I can see where someone who likes a sweet cake would want it a little sweeter. It did dirty up a lot of kitchen equipment.
i don't understand what issues people were having with this cake. it was delicious!! i followed the recipe to the letter. it was definitely sweet enough, although not too sweet either. i used lindt dark chocolate. i also used a kitchenaid mixer; perhaps the users who had difficulty were using a less strong hand held mixer? the initial mixture WAS thick but hardly "cement" and the egg whites folded in beautifully, as per the instructions. very easy! the only thing i changed was to half the ganache recipe. it was still more than enough. will definitely make again!
This recipe was not what I expected. At first bite it was okay but then it just stuck in my mouth and did not have nearly enough sugar. I do not recommend this recipe.
Great recipe! For you chocolate lovers this is the perfect dessert. I am unsure why there are so many negative reviews. In terms of folding in the egg whites to the chocolate mixture, you should always take a bit of the egg whites and beat (not fold) them into the chocolate first to loosen it up. I made this with a combination of bittersweet and semisweet (for torte 6 oz bitter, 6 oz semi; for ganache 8 oz bitter, 4 oz semi) and it gave just enough chocolate flavor without being sweet. I highly recommend this to anyone.
I was discouraged by the bad reviews this recipe got, but went ahead and made it anyway - you can't really go wrong with nuts and chocolate I figured. We really enjoyed the torte. I used half bitter-sweet and half semi-sweet, that seemed to make the cake just sweet enough. We had a lot of leftover ganache, I would say making half of what the recipe calls for is adequate.
I found this recipe to be easy to make and delicious. A perfect dessert for chocolate lovers. I do suggest it be paired with strong coffee and served in slim slices, it's RICH.
I made this dessert after sifting through my archived recipes from bon appetite. I was thoroughly disappointed in it. You could not taste the pistachios, the cake was dry and had a grainy consistancy. The ganache was the best part. For 27 oz. of good quality chocolate, I'll take my pocket book to a better chocolate recipe.
WELL....We attended a wine pairing dinner last night, and the wine of choice was a Cabernet. I was to bring dessert. I figured hmmmm, something rich and chocolate. Some would think that I need a life. I have every Bon Appetit magazine since 1970 and I have indexed them all. So I decided to make a flourless chcolate torte and found this recipe, under my desert section. It sounded great. I did not read any reviews before I started, just jumped on in and started making the pistachio paste. A lot of work, my poor food processor got a work- out. I then made the chocolate batter, which as previous raters stated set up in a solid blob. I used a large metal spoon and stirred and stirred and it softened up. I then folded in the egg whites and baked it. While it was in the oven I decided to read the reviews. Oh dear.....I might have screwed up. No body seems to like this. I made sure to take it out of the oven as they suggested leaving a little batter on the tester. I made the ganache, took it to the dinner party and it was AWESOME !!! Nice and moist, not too rich (I used chocolate chips) It's a keeper. Try again folks.
WELL....We attended a wine pairing dinner last night, and the wine of choice was a Cabernet. I was to bring dessert. I figured hmmmm, something rich and chocolate. Some would think that I need a life. I have every Bon Appetit magazine since 1970 and I have indexed them all. So I decided to make a flourless chcolate torte and found this recipe, under my desert section. It sounded great. I did not read any reviews before I started, just jumped on in and started making the pistachio paste. A lot of work, my poor food processor got a work- out. I then made the chocolate batter, which as previous raters stated set up in a solid blob. I used a large metal spoon and stirred and stirred and it softened up. I then folded in the egg whites and baked it. While it was in the oven I decided to read the reviews. Oh dear.....I might have screwed up. No body seems to like this. I made sure to take it out of the oven as they suggested leaving a little batter on the tester. I made the ganache, took it to the dinner party and it was AWESOME !!! Nice and moist, not too rich (I used chocolate chips) It's a keeper. Try again folks.
The torte was dry and I could not taste the pistachios. Overall, I thought it was a waste of ingredients.
BOY what is the deal with the recipe? After I finely ground the nuts and sugar to almost a peanut butter consistancey I added the egg whites and all the oils separated from the nuts. What a globby mess. If I try this again I will not add the egg whites and move on. I quit after the frustration of this recipe. I made the torte "La Bete Norie" from the September issue. GREAT torte. However I would like to try this pistachio torte some other one because I love pitachios.
I really wish that I had read the reviews on this site before I spent all the time that I did on this recipe.
Hard to find pistachios, then this nightmare consistency that no one could fold egg whites into cement. The chocolate solidified and was impossible to blend with the nut mixture. Surely, someone could have tried this out before publishing it and come up with a bit of help. I will be surprised if my mixer ever rises from the dead after this job.
This was a bit of a pain to make. Trying to fold egg whites into something the consistancy of cookie dough was difficult. And butter oozed out of my springform pan, burned on the bottom of the oven and set off the smoke alarm! A bit of foil would be wise. Cake was delicious though--the pistachio flavor came through well, I thought. Still--there must be an easier mixing method.
I agree with most of the previous ratings. This cake had a very strange consistency.
nothing special about this cake. the pistachios created a gritty texture. the ganache is great. all in all, there are better recipes for flourless chocolate cakes.
If you're a true and devoted chocolate lover you'll love this dense, rich cake. Loved it!
If you're a devoted chocolate lover, you'll love this dense rich cake. It's like a true chocolate indulgance. Loved it!
For some expensive ingredients,it was not worth the effort. A big thumbs down, not even worth the one fork.
This torte was alot of work. Mine had a bit more grainy texture to the cake due to the pistachio paste. But it was certainly dense. The ganache was wonderful and the best part.
It's true that this cake was not very moist, but it was full of chocolate flavor. The warm ganach atop it was absolutely wonderful. I added a little whipped cream, which made it even more decadent. It made a few dishes, true, but it was worth the look of pleasure on my guests faces.
I thought this cake or so called "torte" was a lot of work. A cuisinart to make the paste, a mixer for the egg whites, melting the chocolate and a bowl for the rest. What a mess! This recipe belongs in the passover dessert isssue. This cake was not moist. It did nnot have a strong chocolate or pistachio flavor. Save yourself the effort and pick another recipe.
This recipe is easy as can be. I have a friend who proudly admits to being a died in the wool chocoholic and it received his rave reviews. It comes out of the oven puffed on top but after setting for a few minutes the top flattens out perfectly. If you have any of the Ganache left over next morning it makes obscenely good crepes for breakfast!!!!!!!!Yum!This is an easy recipe and I enjoyed the final result, but you must be careful not to overcook! Its a little less than you might think and the outside of this guy gets a little crusty. That said, the flavor was wonderful and it was very fast to make. A good basic, I served with homemade strawberry sauce.
way, way too dry. I tried to resurrect it by making a frosting, and it was still too dry
One more thing, careful not to overstir pound cake. I added the coffee before i mixed the dry and wet ingredients, and that may have been a factor in how moist it was.
This cake seems worth making just for the batter-it's very rich and thick. I didn't have espresso powder so I just used plain coffee, and added a teaspoon of cream, just to test it. I baked it for forty five minutes and it came out wonderfully moist. Everyone loved it!
This cake was too dry. Luckily, I made a raspberry sauce to put on it or it woould have been inedible.
Two forks for taste; but jeez -- it came out like a brick. I did 40 minutes for two loaf pans. 30 probably would have been better, but who knew.
I was looking for a recipe I made once before and I think this is it except the recipe I had had a sour cream and brown sugar topping with strawberries on the side.. If the cake is dry, it was baked too long. I never go by the time listed on a recipe. I check it well before to see if it is done. And I almost never bake cakes for 1 hr.
I added 8oz. of sour creme and baked the cake for 1 hour, based on the reviews stating it was dry. I then coated it with a chocolate and Jack Daniels ganache and served it with vanilla ice creme. It was dry. My husband, a fan of all things stale, loved it.
This cake is way too dry. I would not make it again
A nice but not stunning cake-- travels and freezes well. I never bake longer than an hour, and skimp on the sugar. Toasted almonds make a nice addition to this cake.
EVERYONE TOOK ONE BITE AND LEFT IT-WAY TOO DRY. I MAKE A LOT OF POUND CAKE, THIS ONE IS BETTER LEFT ALOAN.
Not as moist as I'd hoped, but easy to prepare and very good.
This is a winner. It looks great but more than that it taste wonderful. It is a taste of true chocolate delight. Easy to make and easier to eat!I wonder if the problem is the cocoa? He is almost certainly using dutch process cocoa, which bakes up very differently from natural (i.e. the ubiquitous Hershey can). Hershey makes both but often only the traditional Americana natural cocoa is available at the supermarket. Even TJs only carries natural. This is a shame because dutch process is so much better to bake with. As a result, it tends to be what cookbook authors are using for recipes. When you substitute natural for dutch process, you have to change the quantity and it changes the texture too, because natural cocoa is significantly more acidic. I'm going to try Cost Plus to see if I can find dutch process cocoa in their food section, as 3 California supermarkets to date didn't have any (they used to!).
AS IS deserves 2, AS I MODIFIED IT imo 4. Maybe he's one of those chefs who can't measure or so. I doubled but used only 1 full cup cocoa - IOW 2/3 of the recommended amount. Used SALTED butter - shortbread without any salt? - and will admit, heresy, to having to sub a few tablespoons of margarine for the same amount of butter because I had not quite enough butter on hand. And they were delish without filling! Bit crumbly and hard to work with, but very good, just enough cocoa, sweet, buttery and salty balance. DID NOT MAKE FILLING - just cut-outs, could decorate with a dusting of icing sugar.
A **TON** of work & they were just awful! I brought them to an Oscar party, they looked great but tasted just **HORRIBLE**. Wolfgang should have tried to make them before he put these on his Oscar menu. Lesson learned - don't try a new recipe for the first time with guest. **VERY** disappointing!
I made this recipe for an Oscar Party. I modified the recipe by using Hershy's special dark cocoa and not putting the frosting on. Everyone at the party loved them! They are a bit delicate so I suggest using a round or square cutter instead of a star.
Not worth the effort!
These cookies came out looking pretty with alot of fuss but they tasted a little too bitter. Would not bother making them again.This cake is a classic. I'll make it over and over again - perhaps trying different icings, etc. I love that it isn't too heavy or too sweat.
Just need to make adjustments for high-altitude before attempting. Easy recipe!
It. Does not mentir≤n how much fl·or? Someone knows?This recipie said it would yield approx. 36 pieces from two nine-inch logs, yet the dough only made enough for one small log, I had to double it. Also, not very sweet, more like a biscuit than a cookie taste.
I'm not sure why others have had a problem with this recipe. I doubled the recipe and made it with no changes. Buttering the pans made cutting and turning easy with minimal breakage....1-2 broke. Next time I'll make it with hazelnuts for the holidays.
The flavor is outstanding. I had a little crumbling when slicing, but that was the only problem. Oh, I did omit the walnuts.
The recipe needed more sugar, and although it did not crack while baking, it did terribly while slicing. The recipe probably needs more butter as well.
I would have to agree with the other reviewer--it fell apart, even after I followed the recommendation for extra sugar. I even added a little vanilla but the flavor was so so and despite the claim that it makes two 9 inch logs, I was only able to make one. Maybe I made a mistake somewhere, but it's definately biscotti, just not really good biscotti. Ahh, the search continues . . .
The "log" cracked, badly, and, after it cooled completely, could not be sliced with an excellent bread knife. If fell almost complete apart. It wasn't any sweeter than a crΘpe. If I attempted to make these biscotti, again, I would increase the sugar from 1/4 c. + 2 T. to 1/2 c. + 2 T.. That should firm the biscotti up and make them sweet.Fairly plain and unexciting. Wife and in-laws appeared to like it well enough, but I wasn't terribly impressed. It is easy to prepare, and is a nice healthy side dish. But I probably will look for something else to make next time.I'm a fan of Julia Child's cooking. I wanted to make a seafood chowder so I gave it a whirl. I used 1 large onion (sliced) and 1c Progresso "plain" bread crumbs. For liquid I used 3c whole milk, 1c heavy cream, and 2c reconstituted lobster stock (Better than Bullion brand). I used white rose potatoes, diced about 3/8". The stock was quite thick. I kept the lid on while simmering to retain the moisture. After simmering, I added the meat from about 20 steamed clams and mussels, and the meat picked from one steamed Dungeness crab. After checking the seasoning I added 1 tsp salt and 1/2 tsp ground white pepper. The stock was lacking depth so I added 3 oz (2 shots) dry Vermouth. This resulted in a delicious chowder, albeit a bit thick. Next time I'll halve the breadcrumbs to 1/2c and omit the heavy cream to produce a lighter base. Very easy to make, too.
Too much onion! Made this as a vegetable chowder with carrots and celery. Added a pinch of thyme. Would use as a base recipe again, but cutting the onion in half.
Just want to point out that the chicken chowder recipe is actually for the corn chowder.as the others said lack of instructions! and the cake was a bit dry as well. I used this recipe for a paying customer and they were disappointed!
Found this link to the complete recipe online: http://www.dallasnews.com/sharedcontent/dws/fea/taste/stories/DN-nf_coconutcake_1107liv.State.Edition1.518a713.html
need more details on recipe do you beat 8 egg whites then fold in?at what temp do we bake? help
could you update this recipe on how to make the cake especially with the 8 egg whites, do you beat them? how long to cook etc.
NO quality control on recipe before printing? No BAKING TIME LISTED FAILED TO GIVE INSTRUCTIONS ABOUT WHAT TO DO & WHEN TO ADD EGG WHITES WHEN BAKING CAKE!! If I were a novice cook, my cake would have been a disaster. Fortunately for me, I am a better cook than Epicurious is a proof-reader!!
Truncated instructions, so I beat the egg whites to stiff peak and folded them in. A dense, but not dry, cake. My old fashioned plain tin pan had the layer cooked in 20 minutes; the two non-stick pans OVERBAKED! Not sure I would leave a whipped cream-filled cake out for 3 days! FUN icing to make! Beautiful to behold.As stated above, it was never Christmas unless mom or grandma made struffoli. But they modified the recipe many decades ago (adding baking powder and sifted flour) so that the struffoli was softer when fried and the dough was easier to handle. Also, the honey they used was always orange blossom and they added orange zest not lemon. I always make it their way now. It is different than the traditional recipe but it is more popular with everyone. No Christmas goes by in my home now without this dessert.
Yes, I don't think some of you are familiar with this recipe or what it should turn out/taste like. I an Italian and have had these growning up. They are meant to be hard and crunchy. I love them, but they may not be for everyone.....
Oh, what did I do? This dough was so difficult to work with. They came out too dry, too dense, and too yucky. Shouldn't there be some sort of wet ingredients besides eggs? What about some type of fat? Are the eggs doing all of that work? I would not make this recipe again.
My grandmothers would make these and form them into a Christmas tree.
Ponch, are you familiar with struffoli? They are supposed to be crunchy.
I was very disappointed by this recipe. The finished product was hard and unpleasant - definitely NOT worth the effort! The entire batch was thrown away the next day.This is a basic beef and vegetable soup - There is nothing Filipino (sp?) about it. I wonder why it was put with this section of Mother's day recipes? I would not make it again as my regular recipe has more flavour.
I have not laughed so hard in years. I am saving this in my recipe box for the reviews and any time I need a good laugh I'll go there. The soup is good also!
Punched your chest???? What in the world are YOU talking about???
I agree with Germany that this is an awful recipe. But I don't understand why you keep making it! There are other recipes out there. In the world of Beef and Veggie soup recipes of which there are so many, this is just not complex enough nor tasty enough to justify the work. If it tastes worse than canned soup, I won't make it again and this one tastes far worse.
My family and I think this soup is delicious, something we'll have again and again. We made no changes to the recipe.
This is the worst soup that I have ever tasted. I cut down the soaking time on the beans to 30 minutes, and they came out crunchy (which we like)and I substituted the tomatoes with brussel sprouts. I even punched my chest to make the herbs taste better, but that did not work. We eat this daily and are considering a new recipe.You don't need to use MacIntosh. I used Spartan. It was pleasantly sweet and tart at the same time. I will double the ingredients next time because in my opinion it doesn't make enough to last for a while.Ok...I like this recipe but I got say that did one thing different... Instead of lobster I used shrimp because of how expensive lobster is verse how expensive shrimp is& but the soup was great with shrimp to...
Forget this lobster stew, it is as much like lobster stew as NY clam chowder is like the New England version. Lobster Stew is lobster, its broth, butter, cream and a dash of sherry. S&P to taste, and definitely white pepper. Any other additions are blasphemy. The tomalley croutons, however, are worth doing!
Classic lobster stew- the question for most cooks is if your willing to go through the labor intensive process of dissecting multiple lobster. For most amateur cooks, this is a time consuming and messy process. The second issue for any lobster recipe is if the subtle taste of lobster is overcome in the recipe. I recommend a little less leek for this reason.
I'm not wild about tomatoes and lobster together either, but liked the idea of the tomalley croutons. I was surprised at the instruction to "be sure to remove the intestinal tract from the tail" of the lobster without mentioning removing the stomach sac from behind the eyes. Here, we call this "the old woman" because, if you really use your imagination, the bit of cartilage resembles a female figure in a rocking chair. It's the only part of the lobster other than the shell that truly is inedible. Also there's no mention of the lovely coral (or roe, if you have female lobsters). Don't discard it. It's delicious and adds not only flavour, but also colour to a lobster stew or bisque.
Was glad I read the reviews from the New England cooks before making this as my contribution to a hugh Thanksgiving gathering of my husband's relatives (all from Maine to Mass). I will do somthing else, but I wonder why cooks who don't think lobster & tomatoes go together would make it in the first place.
I have had tomato (in part of a sauce) with lobster over pasta, and that seems to work!
I found this receipe to be overly involved for the result. I thought the tomato comments in the other reviews to be overblown, they don't add or detract that much and could easily be removed. It was a tasty dish dish overall.
lobster and tomato big no no. yuck
People keep giving me Jasper White cookbooks, PLEASE STOP! As usual he shoots himself in the foot in making a wonderful New England standard despicable. Tomatoes and lobster do not go together. End of story.
The problem with this for me is that I do not like tomatoes with lobster. Lobster should have creamy, smooth, buttery soup sauce to play in. I like very subtle herbs and nothing to take away at all from the lobster. But, it is just a personal opinion and I am sure it is great for some.Gross, I boiled it for 2 hours, but it wouldn't thicken. better for syrup. I would try to find a different recipe.
This is a definite keeper! The first person I some to asked for the recipe. I does take longer to thicken, though. I boiled for over 2 hours and it came out perfectly set and delicious.
this marmalade is awesome- i've made it the last 3 years as a substitute for gravy (turkey) and it's always been a favorite. the marmalade will thicken if you leave the lid OFF the pot and let it simmer for a couple of hours (one year i accidently left the lid on and the stuff cooked far too long and came out sorta gross).
Terrible. I thought maybe I'd be successful with this recipe even though others mentioned it didn't set, but the same thing happened to me. I stashed the jars in the fridge, hoping they'd firm up, but they didn't. It ended up being so fluid that you could pour it like water. I had some on pancakes (basically using it as a syrup) but I don't eat enough pancakes that I could use up the dozen jars this recipe filled. Not sure what this recipe is lacking (more sugar? Add some pectic?) but I don't even want to play around with this recipe. Find a reliable orange marmalade recipe and throw in the pomegranate seeds.
This marmalade was easy and delicious!! I did need to cook it down a bit longer than the recipe required....a little less than 2 hours but it was worth the extra time.
Disastrous as well!! Although my marmalade did thicken very nicely, all the orange peels were burned. I cooked it on low-to-med heat the whole time, and stirred quite often. It boiled throughout, and I used a non-stick pan. Maybe I didn't disolve all the sugar initally?? I really have no idea what I could have done wrong... Not worth the trouble of seeding the pomegranate!
Disasterous. The marmalade never thickened even after cooking it for over 3 hours. The initial flavor was good but after cooking it for so long, it tasted burnt. This makes a better syrup than a marmalade. Good luck if you choose to try it.We are completely astonished that we were able to accomplish such a delicious doughnut! We don't ever deep fry anything so we were "afraid" of the bubbling oil; but we used a candy thermometer to make sure the oil was hot enough, and it worked! We wondered about a hole in the doughnut. So we poked a hole with a finger once the flat pieces were cookie-cut. We used only 2 quarts of oil in a 3.5 qt saucepan, and boiled 5 at a time (not 10). They rose almost instantly, you could observe the bottoms browning, so you knew when to gently flip them with the tip of a long handled slotted spoon and, voila! Doughnuts. Our cookie cutter made about 32 (vs 36) and they were a hit dredged in cinnamon sugar. We will make these again and again! It was a fast and easy and impressive dessert!
THe doughnuts didn't taste as strongly of apple cider as I'd hoped. I read the same comment on some earlier reviews, so I started with a larger quantity of cider and boiled it down to 1/3 cup, hoping that would kick up the apple flavor, but it didn't really. The doughnuts did have a nice crusty shell, which was tasty.
Bleh. I really thought that these would have more APPLE CIDER flavor considering they are "Cider" doughnuts. They didn't. In fact, I didn't taste anything but oil. :(
We really thought these were horrible. Followed the instructions exactly. Couldn't taste anything other than the frying oil. The dough simply absorbed tons of the frying oil as they cooked. We even tried increasing the temp on the oil to get them really crisp as soon as they hit the oil so as to reduce absorption but that didn't work. I'll stick with my good old fashioned buttermilk cake doughnut recipe.
Very easy and worked perfectly. Also, the doughnuts were delicious. Maybe my cookie cutter was too small, because I got 60 doughnuts out of this recipe. But they were delicious, and everyone loved them.
Super easy and the perfect thing for a crowd on a lazy Friday after Thanksgiving.
Made these with my preschooler and it was lots of fun. We used animal shape cookie cutters, which made cute puffy shaped donuts! We don't eat a lot of fried foods, so my only complaint is that these do soak up the oil and my stomach isn't used to that! But they were yummy dipped in coffee and my daughter liked them with milk! I have a gas stove, so keeping the temp constant wasn't too hard and I didn't have trouble cooking them evenly.
These turned out pretty good & were fun to make, but the oil temperature was pretty tricky - they seemed to go from underdone to too done very quickly.THE CILANTRO IS MISSING FROM THE RECIPE
Someone went on about "fresh coriander"...and GOOD GRIEF..there isn't that listed either!!!
would be nice to know how much cilantro is needed/or listed in the ingredients
This recipe is completely bananas. Really, there is no cilantro in cilantro chutney? That's like making tomato sauce with nothing but babanas, or orange juice with with nothing but babanas. Seriously, no one looking at this recipe will make it owning to the fact that they have Cilantro, not scallions. cheers, Bord
I thought this was VERY good. I did make one change though, instead of sugar I added mango. Delicious.
Good grief -- fresh cilantro and fresh coriander are EXACTLY the same. As stated in Wikipedia, "Coriander (Coriandrum sativum) is an annual herb in the family Apiaceae. It is also known as cilantro, particularly in the Americas." The first time I bought cilantro was in an Indian grocery in Chicago in 1979 -- however the item was called "fresh coriander." Now that coriander/cilantro is available throughout the US, I have made similar chutneys to this one for 30 years and they're great.
Um, no cilantro in the cilantro chutney?
Every other cilantro chutney recipe suggests 1 small onion. It is also far too salty. 1/4 cup lime juice is sufficient.
Cilantro forgotten in the recipe... get over it, shit happens. Think about all the GREAT recipes that this website has given you.
Add the 2 cups firmly packed cilantro & it's wonderful - better than at some Indian restaurants. We prefer pureeing all but the cilantro & then adding the cilantro, blending to leave it a bit chunky vs. smooth.
The recipe has forgotten the 2 cups of cilantro. this is SO good with marinated shrimp on the bbq! we absoultuly loved it.
I don't understand how can a make a cilantro chutney without the cilantro, or how do you write a recipe without the main ingredient.
In a hardcopy of aug. '05 Gourmet I checked the quantity of cilantro needed - 2 cups firmly packed fresh cilantro sprigs. Enjoy!
I can't believe they forgot to list the cilantro in this recipe. I'm almost tempted to add a bunch and see how it will come out. Also the rock shrimp recipe doesn't even show!! What's going on Epi??? LOL
Yes, where is the cilantro? How much do we add?
The cilantro seems to be missing!I agree with something being wrong with recipe. I think 50 minutes after the topping is put on should probably be 15 minutes! Blueberries were hard and sticky. Too bad, we were really looking forward to it.
It sucked, waste of fresh picked blueberries and time.
Although my husband really liked this, I thought it required more time than it was worth. For some reason the topping got sucked into the blueberry mixture while baking so I was shortchanged on the crunch. I think fresh berries over ice cream would've been just as good.
I thought this turned out quite well. I was a bit surprised at how soupy the blueberry mixture was when I initially baked it. I didn't think I had enough topping to cover the blueberries but it actually worked out. If you heat it the dish and top it off with vanilla ice cream it is quite delicious.
I served this at a big family dinner and got rave reviews all around. I added a bit of freshly grated nutmeg, my favorite spice.
Delicious. (I cooked it for 5 minutes less at each of the two steps.)
There's something wrong here. I cooked for half the time called for after applying the topping and ended up with shoe leather with a crunchy topping. My first total disappointment with an Epicurious recipe - guess it had to happen eventually....Just a note to everyone reading the negative review from the Atlanta Georgia cook. She screwed up the recipe for the pie that goes with this (see chocolate almond pie, Bon Appetit) and blasted that recipe, too. I suspect she's a cool-whip girl, so don't give her review much creedence.
I agree with the Atlanta reviewer about the crust. This is a dry crust and I have made far better.
I made the Almond and Cream de Cacio version of the recipe. It was dry. Crust was already slightly brown from the almonds when it went into the oven. I cooked for 10 minutes less than the recommended time and it seemed too brown. Maybe I disliked the crust so much because the pie was terrable. Would not recommend making either.
I used this crust for an apple pie and it was pretty good. I didn't use the almonds or creme de cacao, next time I will. It wasn't spectacular, just so-so. Maybe using more cinnamon would help.
I made this crust for the caramel apple and pear pie. The crust was very good, the pie, so-so. I will make the crust again, for its unusual texture and flavor. The color was also very nice.We make this recipe almost every weekend with sweet rice flour (since I don't eat wheat) and it comes out great! We also an extra half cup of liquid and coconut flakes and some almond extract. It's been a real guest pleaser.
Big time mistake on this recipe! The liquid is missing and makes such a huge difference. The melter butter & 1 egg is for sure not enough liquid. So I added 1/3-1/4 cup of skim milk(must be room temperature) and the problem was solved. Perhaps also to add a bit of more flavour, you can add a bit of good quality vanilla extract. Overall good results for from my family.
Recipe repair! The liquid was clearly left out of the recipe. Here's a fix: stir together the flour, sugar, baking powder, ╝ tsp. baking soda, salt, cinnamon, and raisins. Whisk together 1 cup buttermilk, the egg, and melted butter. Stir together until they just form a batter, and bake. Mixing the cinnamon and raisins with the dry ingredients will get you better distribution of both (the flour-coated raisins won't stick together). Use any small or diced dried fruit. Add up to 2 more tablespoons butter if you want your waffles to really crisp up in the waffle iron.
excellent flavor, but not as healthy as i would usually like for a breakfast meal. great as an occasional brunch treat.
Find a different waffle recipe and add the raisins and cinnamon to it. Problem solved.
This is the heaviest waffle batter I've ever made and, as a result, the waffles were too dense. Like other reviewers have noted, it seems to be missing milk or buttermilk.
Didn't try this yet, but the absence of liquid has to be an error. I'll try milk to give it the right consistency.
It seemed that something important was missing..like some kind of liquid! I added buttermilk until it looked to be the right consistancy for waffles, and THEN they were very good, as is, this is an awful recipe.
This was too dry, too eggy, and needs more dairy in recipie. Didnt tase good at all. DONT EVEN TRY IT. YUK
I thought these waffles were heavy, dense, and fairly dry. I wouldn't make them again.
Bake until quite hard as it will taste like a raisin cinnimon cookie. Super waffle !Cake is nice but bland and not sweet. Next time I think I'll use a sprinkle of the rum on the cake before rolling. I used Capt. Morgan in the filling. It was easy to make.
This was a terrible recipe. The cake and filling were bland. I even added honey to the whipped cream to flavor it a bit and nothing helped. We tried one slice and threw the rest in the trash. Definitely would not recommend this recipe to anyone.
Very good and pretty. Be careful not to overbake the cake. I think I did very slightly, and it cracked a bit when I unrolled it to put in the filling because it was slightly overbaked. Still gorgeous though (the whipped cream covers a multitude of sins!) and tasted great. Make sure the filling is well cooled or even chilled before you spread it on the cake.I picked this recipe because I didn't have any yogurt or sour cream in the house-- It was wonderful.. the church ladies loved it! I added a package of vanilla pudding mix, 5 fresh eggs all different sizes, a little extra butter, and half the baking powder-- I don't know if it was the pudding but it was almost too moist;-))) Will bake again!
Instructions difficult to understand when forming the ring on baking sheet. Not sure if we did it right. It looked like a blob coming out of the oven.
This was HEAVY, HARD and DRY and I followed the recipe exactly. I think using the Bisquick makes it dense like BISCUITS. I wouldn't make this again. Flavor was good..but cakey-ness was too dense and dry. UGh.
This is just about the worst recipe for coffee cake that I have ever made. I would not make this again on a bet.
It was quick, easy, and yummy! Very handy!
Quick and easy like it is supposed to be for a basicly lazy cook.
My family love's this and when I have them I add a minced up apple to the walnut mixture. Truely wonderful
I tried this because it looked and was so easy. My husband and son loved it. I thought it tasted like biscuits. It was good and I would make it again for them, but I've had better coffee cakes.Easy and refreshing - the perfect simple salad dressing for spring and summer! Adding a wee bit of garlic might also be nice.....This is one of my favorite dishes from a portugese restaurant in Fall River my husband and I have been visiting for almost 30 years. I agree with other reviewers that think this version is too watery. The dish I'm accustomed to has this flavor sauce but with more intense flavor. I will make this again and use 1/4 cup of water and add a little more garlic. I also added a few drops of picante sauce.
ive eatern this many times and as anthony bourdain has said, the portuguese make the best clams in the world. Unlike the moules marnier the recipe for these clams does not invlolve them being cooked in steam. (at least not entirely ) The traditional recipe involves heating up olive oil, frying garlic adding coriander and mixing in the clams The lemon juice is added just before serving. Some variants add the coriander just before serving as well, another variant is to add white wine. The basic point is that the water is released from the clams, not added. DONT ADD WATER TO THIS RECIPE as it will dilute the taste too much- The clams themselves will realeas enough juice
Do not compare this to different clamp dishes. This is a very specific Portuguese recipe which is supposed to be watery. I love this dish for almost 20 years and now I decided to start trying to do it myself. I have researched a couple of other recipes, including portuguese ones, and this seems fair and is well explained. And yes, it is supposed to be watery, but no, not to be eaten with a spoon. You wet some buttered toasts and u fill the clams with the sauce. The watery effect is the secret of this recipe, where the balance from lemon herbs and amount of water are crucial. Some say u are only supposed to use a litle of olive oil only. Remember this is a fishermen recipe and olive oil used to be a luxury on the old days. That is why u use the toast and the water. Although it is not a soup. If anybody cares, my other favorites are "sopa alentejana", "migas" and "aτorda de marisco". best wishes
I've had better clam dishes similar to this one. It was too watery and not flavorful enough compared to others, even on this site.
I followed this recipe exactly and was completely disappointed in the results. The sauce was far too watery...both consistency-wise and taste-wise.
This recipe has been a favourite of mine from Portuguese restaurants. However, this version has much more sauce than the ones I've had before. It is more like an Italian "fish soup". If I make it again I will use much less liquid (and I used no water at all this time). I would like a version not eaten with a spoon.
I haven't tried this recipe yet but I tasted this dish in Portugal and it seems to be the same. The cilantro makes the difference. Delicious!!! Can't wait to try it!I agree with last post. Seriously?
Not really a recipe. More like an ad for their sauce. Should be removed as unhelpful.
Tasted a little like wet dog. The bourbon rib recipe was way much better.
Next thing you know, a chocolate cake recipe in here will simply be "buy a box of Duncan Hines Mix and prepare as indicated". How in the world are they allowing this recipe to be on this website? AND with a phone # to order product mind you!!! Ridiculous.
This is a good, basic method of preparation. You can use any kind of sauce and rub you have on hand. Water in the pan keeps the ribs moist, and finishing on the grill gives just enough char. This is a good way for us city people, who don't have big outdoor charcoal grills, to make decent ribs!
Delicious! Used my own choice of rub and BBQ sauce - took this to a Father's day BBQ where there were five different offerings of ribs - and this was the favorite! Extremely tender - steaming in the slow oven and finishing with grilling them was perfect.
You can say whatever you like about the sauce "ad" but you absolutely cannot beat the technique used here. I applied my own local store bought (oh, the horror) rub and sauce and followed the instructions to the letter. I've been bbq-ing ribs for years and have never been satisfied with the results. This technique of steaming them in the oven and finishing them on the grill is flawless. I made them twice this month and had people begging for more both times. If you are a rib-a-phobic cook USE THIS RECIPE - Just buy/make your own sauce.
This is not a recipe. This is an ad. Shame on you! If you want to sell your merchandise, buy a real ad instead of shilling on the recipe page. I won't visit your restaurant either because of this. Shame!
I'm another who expected to find this recipe to be more than an ad for bottled sauce--no matter how good. I did use the instructions with a homemade barbecue sauce and the ribs turned out delicious. My sauce included onion, jalapeno, and bell pepper minced fine and sauted in butter. I then added cider vinegar, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, just a touch of ketchup, and a dash of liquid smoke.
I want to learn to try new things, and that is why I come to this site...for new RECIPES, not mail-order addresses! Come on! If I wanted to make regular ribs, I could have gone to the store and bought a bottle of sauce "off the rack!" If I want to try to make a recipe from a restaurant, I will go to a copy-cat recipe site. Next I suppose this site will offer "Hungry Man Special" recipes.
The rating on this recipe is distorted by all the people that didn't make it and thought that using store bought BBQ sauce was not 'cooking'. Reviews of 'tried and true' reviewers only please! Having just moved to Dallas we went to Clark's Outpost (see Zagat's) and happened to buy the BBQ sauce and rub as called for in this recipe. I found this recipe on Epicurious and had to try it. Great flavor and easy prep.
Have the coals in the grill REAL low and grill for at least 1/2 hour, add some wood chips for smoke, that will add flavor, tenderness, and dry the ribs out a bit. I think most everyone would agree to add the sauce no sooner than 10-0 minutes before coming off the grill. As for all this fuss about BBQ sauce, who cares? Im sure Clark's sauce is fine, this is no scandal. Get over yourselves.
This cooking method for ribs really works--the ribs were very tender. I made 12 racks of ribs for my husband's birthday and everyone raved. The Asian-inspired peanut-based barbeque sauce(read: time-consuming)from Bobby Flay's cookbook didn't hurt!
I used a combination of two commercial barbeque sauces for this recipe and my own rub, but wanted to try this cooking method. I was disappointed because the meat wasn't "falling-off-the-bone" tender. It wasn't because the ribs were of poor quality so I'm assuming it was the method of cooking. However, this way of baking/broiling did taste like...off the grill. I'll look for another recipe for baking ribs.
I made these ribs for the Fourth of July using Lawry's seasoned salt and Bullseye bottled sauce (available in most larger grocery chains at reasonable prices with which I have no affiliation thankyouverymuch). They were easy, absolutely delicious and I will definitely make them again. I too do not understand all the fuss about the plug for Clark's. OK so it is annoying but ultimately it's the recipe that counts right?
I am surprised at the poor ratings for this recipe. I understand that people think it is more of an advertisement for the sale of Clark's products but I'd like to thank Epicurious and Clarks for publishing it because with bbq its more important HOW you cook it than what you put on it. Use your own rub and sauce, copy another recipe's sauce or eat 'em dry with just salt and pepper, but this is the way to cook baby backs in the oven, if you don't have the time or inclination to slow smoke 'em.
Made this recipe last night for dinner. Used my own rub and bbq sauce. The ribs came out very tender. Only thing i would change, would be to add garlic and onion for flavoring at the bottom of the pan(in the bbq sauce, already boiling the ribs. Bbq'd for about 40 minutes on low-i like my pork tender. The cooking method is very good. As for the seasoning-personalize.
I agree with the last review - what a fuss! The cooking method is great, and making up your own rub/sauce is really not that tough. As for this website/Bon Appetit "advertising" someone's sauce: I'm not a huge fan of recipes that make you buy a certain brand, but one of the fantastic services Bon Apetit provides is they obtain recipes for individual's who have eaten a memorable meal in a restaurant and want to know how the particular dish was made. If someone ate at Clark's, and that's how the ribs are made there, using that sauce...?! I'd rather have the recipe and then decide which sauce I will use.
This recipe really sucks. Such a disappointment to the BBQ fans. Give us the recipe for the sauce and the rub, which MIGHT enhance this dish. I, like the others, do not like this site selling one's product to have a recipe listed.
I agree with other reviewers, I like to cook why would I order bottled sauce? AND...I want to make it tonite. This is the first time I've ever seen such a faux pas on this website!!
Albeit, I agree with previous reviewers about buying Clark's bottled sauce, I don't think that this was worthy of Bon Appetit, BUT... this was a great method of cooking ribs in the middle of a snowstorm! I used my own barbecue sauce that I love and then made the ribs as directed, omiting the rub and just using salt and pepper, and they came out succulunt and delicious. Crispy on the outside, moist and falling off the bone. Couldn't have been easier, will definitely use this method again and again when grilling is not an option.
My goodness, what controversy over pork ribs! I also used different spices, but I wholeheartedly embrace the cooking method. I don't want ribs that require supreme effort, I want ribs that are especially tasty and that I can easily cook at home. The water / broil method is much better than any other home rib recipe. I always do my ribs this way now. With my preferred spices, I like this recipe better than any other I've had.
I have made this at least 5 times in the last year. I am a student with no BBQ so I made some changes. I don't use a rub or the Clarks BBQ sauce. I use my favorite sauce and follow the cooking directions for the oven. These ribs are as good or better than any ribs I've ever eaten. I haven't been to Texas or St Louis to taste authentic BBQ ribs so I'm not an expert. For somebody who can't use a BBQ and want some good easy to make ribs this works. Forget the rub and the Clarks sauce, use your own. Remember people this isn't a cooking dictatorship, you can make alterations to any recipe.
Tioga, Gene Autrey's hometown, is off the beaten trail, so most folks will never have the opportunity to eat some of the greatest Q in the world at Clark's Outpost. Why Warren Clark would offer up a substitute recipe that he doesn't even use, knowing that there is NO SUBSTITUTE for real pit-smoked barbecue, is beyond me. My advice is to just forget the recipe and get youself to Tioga. It's only about an hours drive north of Dallas. Once you've tried Clark's Q, you'll be "back in the saddle again!"
To the "Cook (and I use this term loosely)from El Paso, TX on 3/10/02 - Why you would even try a recipe that had 17 negative ratings is beyond my comprehension - you deserve to have spent your money.
Yuk! I had to order out for my guests because this swill was soooo bad! What a waste of money!
"Clark" shouldn't have quit his/her day job!
I have had Clark's sauce before. It is rancid. Save your money and make your own. Shame on you, Epicurious, for posting this tripe.
Well Obviously you other cooks out there have never tried this recipe, nor dined at the famous Clark's Outpost in Tioga Texas, coz if you had you would Da*n well be making and buying all of their recipes you could get your hands on! Marie From Texas Been there and it's awesome!
There should be a "zero forks" option. Very tacky of epicurious to post this.
I totally agree with the other reviewers. This is not a recipe. It's a shopping list. I'm sure Clark is thrilled at the free advertising.
I am certainly not a BBQ expert, but I've had these ribs at Clark's in Texas and I thought they were exceptional.
I second that. You gotta be kidding?? My cat ate that suace and got sick, im considering legal action.
You have got to be kidding!!! Ed Abel Deep in the heart of TEXAS
Why on earth would this site include a recipe where the cook does not even have to do just that? I can't stand recipes that require anything more than a trip to the nearest Safeway-- no one I know uses any place else other than the grocery store to buy their food. Come on, Bon Appetit!
I use a similar version if I'm in a hurry. I use either beer or bourbon instead of water and set the oven at no more than 250 degrees covered using my own rub and sometimes nothing more that salt and pepper. Cook for 2 hrs. then to my grill for an other hour with smoke for the flavor. Serve with my own sauce--never commercial.
I'm from texas and won't even try the recipe because it is not hing but a waste of good ribs.
AS A HEAD COOK FOR A BBQ TEAM IN TENNESSEE MAY I SUGGEST THIS AS AN SUB FOR THOSE WHO DON'T HAVE TIME TO ORDER MR CLARKS ITEMS , ALTHOUGH I AM SURE THEY ARE WORTH THE MONEY TRY TO USING KRAFT HICKORY BBQ SAUCE(12 OZ) WITH 1 TSP WHITE VINAGER AND 4 OZ COLD WATER MIX WELL. FOR THE DRY RUB- MIX 4 TSP SUGAR, 3 TSP SALT-2 TSP EACH- GARLIC POWDER-ONION POWDER AND 1 CUP OF PAPRIKA. IT SURE ISNT BBQ BUT IT WILL BE EDIBLE MRBBQ@BELLSOUTH.NET
This is a good recipe for people that don't like BBQ. For those that do, it is an insult.
Mail-order barbecue sauce? People look to Bon Appetit and Gourmet magazines because we enjoy cooking. If we wanted purchase prepared products, we wouldn't need the publication or the website.
4 minutes of "grilling" does not a barbaque make
Sounds as though this could be good - but I'm not waiting for the mail order!! Should have included alternate instructions.
I think it is very poor of you to include a recipe where you have to buy a sauce in order to make it!This recipe is just perfect! Grease no longer splatters all over my kitchen, which is a big problem with other recipes. While the latkes are a little bland, they turn out perfectly crispy and meaty in the middle. I made them three times now, and they were great and consistent each time!
I've made this several times and find it to be a good standby for a classic latke. I always wind up adding nearly double the flour and generally wind up baking the latkes to finish them. Happy Hanukkah.
I have a wonderful hint for those who think the preparation time added to the cooking time is too much to do all at once. I make the batter up to 3 days ahead. The potatoes won't turn black if the batter is stored in the refrigerator in an air tight jar or plastic container. Just leave a bit of room at the top and completely cover with a layer of flour. When ready to cook, skim off and discard the flour. The flavor is wonderful because all the ingredients have time to blend together.
There is a very definite no-no in this recipe: Do not put those potatoes in a food processor unless you want to invent a new dish. Where have all the graters gone? Any supermarket has a perfectly acceptable one for about $3.00. They also do a fine job with cheese, zucchini (lovely in latkes) and many other things.
It's so much fun to read all of the passionate comments from the other cooks. "My mother made it this way!...My Aunt made it that way!...My way is better!..." This is what makes the old family ties work and make handing down recipes, through the family, so special. I hope we all know know that there is only ONE perfect recipe - the one your grandmother (or some other special family member) taught you. Latkes are no exception. Now let's talk about the perfect brisket.
Real latkes have hand grated potatoes, grated onions, eggs, matzoh meal and for super crisp results, strain grated potato and onion mixture in a fine mesh sieve. Collect the drained liquid. The liquid will seperate into water and potato starch. Spill off water and add potato starch back to mixture. Real latkes are never processed in a machine. Grate on the fine side of a box grater.
I disagree with the reviewer who says that latkes do not have onion. I have never, ever made latkes without them.
This is not a classic latke recipe. Classic latkes do not have onion in them. Not even close to my grandma's.
This is not a classic latke recipe...the potatoes should be grated by hand, and the flour should be replaced with matzoh meal. In a food processor, the potatoes become mushy. Also, soak the grated potatoes in cold salt water for about half an hour before adding the other ingredients and frying. That's a real latke.
Standard =with sour cream or applesauce good.
Very tasty. Enjoyed the making.
You know, I have to disagree . . . they weren't quite my grandma's latkes, but they came out light and crispy--didn't have any trouble with gumminess from the flour, although I didn't add quite as much as called for. With sour cream and homeade applesauce, they were a great supper.
I agree! This was quite possibly the most disappointing latke recipe--my mother's are MUCH better. It really did taste like wet flour.
I'm with Louise...no flour or such in REAL potato pancakes. The egg/onion/potato proportions are good but do add l/2 cup of potato starch per 2 pounds. I've tried about 6 different recipes/styles, this is best. Also, 1" of peanut oil very hot will keep them greaseless. Finally, keep squeezing water out of potatoes as they sit while others are cooking to keep em crisp. Keep the starch that settles in the bottom, though!
this is not very good , i like to use matza meal , also some green onions chopped ve ry fine
My Nana taught me to grate the potatoes by hand, then rinse out the starch and then drain, shake and squeeze out the water. Then, add grated onion, eggs and matzoh meal, salt and pepper. Also, she said that if you try to fry them in just a bit of oil, they absorb too much of it, but if you use a lot (1" deep), they won't be greasy. And truly, my Nana was always right.
The proportions of potato, egg and onion are ok. What needs to be eliminated is the baking powder and flour. Both my grandmother and mother used POTATO STARCH- sold around Passover - as the drying ingredient. Use about 1/2 cup for this recipe and double accordingly. Matzo meal or regular flour is bad. With potato starch you get a crispy outside and a soft creamy inside.
I tried this and thought that it tasted to much like wet flour. I will try it again without the flour and baking power
Classic potato pancakes use matzo meal,not white flour,that makes them a little gummy.The baking soda is also not needed.Also you can add a little white vinegar to the potatoes after you shred them,this will keep them white for hours.When you squeeze the water out the vinegar taste goes with it.If you can't find matzo meal semolina flour is a good,crunchy substitute.
A friend and I undertook this one despite other users dissaisfaction and would do it again. It made tasty, perfect classic potato latkes!
This recipe doesn't really need the water squeezed out of it. If you add another small onion and another egg, they have a wonderful pancake quality to them. But I guess that would be a different recipe, wouldn't it?
This is a recipe that is okay, but I'm with the person that uses grated potatoes and onions and fries them in about 1/2 inch of oil. They are one of my favorites and are wonderful with either dinner or breakfast.
Get real! This isn't a recipe for food that should be fed to humans in the dead of winter. Potato pancakes should be BIG, made from SHREDDED potatoes (and if some knuckle skin gets grated off also, so much the better) and SHREDDED ONION as well. They should be deep fried in a kettle of hot oil (6 tablespoons? how about a dutch oven with 1/2 gallon of hot oil instead?) and they should be as big as a fist. After a day of playing hockey outside in subzero weather, nothing could be better than a meal of roast beast and BIG, BIG, BIG potato pancakes.the sauce must make this recipe- the cake itself is dry and flavorless
This was my first attempt at an angel food cake and it came out wonderfully. It was requested by my boyfriend's grandmother, who unfortunately doesn't like coconut, so I had to omit the essence of the cake, but it was delicious regardless and simple to whip up. As to not waste the left over egg yolks I cooked them and gave them to my dogs so they had a treat from the cake too. I will certainly make this cake again trying out variations of sauces and extracts. It had a lovely light flavor and soft texture. Fast and yummy!The cake turned out fine for me, but my husband didn't like it as much as a lot of other cake recipes.
This cake was easy and tasted great !! Wonderful for a summer BBQ !!
You cook & you learn. . .I made recipe just like it said, and it was easy and great looking, but when cooking, the blueberry topping seemed to be too heavy. It did not raise and when done came out more like a cobbler. Definitely could not cut and serve like a cake, I had to put in bowls and top with ice cream. But everyone loved it! When I make it again I will use a smaller pan and not put on so much blueberry topping and try to swirl it into cake. I'll keep trying!The icing was a big gloppy mess. There is obviously an ingredient missing. I made the icing twice and it didn't work. The cake was too dense. The only thing I liked was the lime curd. Big disappointment.
The icing was a big gloppy mess. There is obviously an ingredient missing. I made the icing twice and it didn't work. The cake was too dense. The only thing I liked was the lime curd. Big disappointment.
I used the Coconut Layer Cake from Bon Appetit 1999 with the filling and frosting from this recipe and the combination is perfect. The frosting does need cream of tartar but the combination of the sweet boiled frosting and the lime is incredible.
Being a very nervy cook I made this cake as one of three tiered cakes for our wedding. (Small - just 40 people) I used a mango filling rather than lime curd. I made Buttercream Frosting with a little coconut extract and pressed toasted coconut into the sides and a tropical fruit display on top brushed with melted apricot jam. My husband is originally from India so I wanted some of the flavors at our reception to be reflective of his culture. It was very good.
This cake was really something to look at, and very tasty, too. But making the frosting made me coco-NUTS! It simply would not hold without 1/4 tsp cream of tartar--inexplicably omitted from the recipe.
I was disappointed in this recipe. The cake was more dense than I anticipated and found the frosting to be overly sweet.
Unbelievably delicious. I bought lime curd rather than make it myself, and it was hard to find.
This was interesting, but not quite what I had in mind. The cake is definitely of the pound cake variety, and didn't quite fit with the fresh flavor of the lime and coconut. I might make it again using a more typical white cake batter.Here I am with my post-consumption comments... It was rather plain actually... Doesn't mean that I didn't hoover back two pieces, but hey... I've got a sweet tooth and somewhat simple requirements to get my fix. So, yes, a bit of a disappointment for the time... Again, I didn't notice it was a no-bake (don't like the whole gelatin thing), cake was kind of blah... I used coconut essence (couldn't find extract).. Don't think that made a big difference. I'm not an expert on cheesecakes so I can't say what would have made it better... more sugar/salt, more concentrated coconut flavour, baked perhaps?
Is it just me, or is there no sugar in this? I took a taste after I whipped up the filling and I was shocked. It was so flat and bland, so I tossed a small handful of sugar (approx. 1/4 cup in total). It took the bland edge off. Will report back tomorrow afternoon after I trepidatiously take it to a brunch. Also, it should also say in the title or intro that it's a "no bake"... Again, is it just me here or does all of this seem incomplete??
If you have to bake the crust, it's not something I would make. I do not turn the oven on when it's 104 out and I am paying big bucks to cool my house. You lost my interest...........
Like the previous review, if you are expecting a dense cheesecake, look elsewhere. This is a lighter, chiffon like cheesecake and was perfect after the great Thanksgiving meal we just had. Some alterations I did: Added about 1 tsp of cinnamon to the crust. Added about 2 T of sugar to the filling. Added zest of lemon and orange to the mango sauce -- the mango sauce, I feel, does need some "zip" to it. Overall very good, and would make it again.
This "cheese cake" is wonderfully lite and refreshing. It would make a great dessert with a slightly heavy meal. I found it more like a dense chiffon than a true cheese cake. I altered the recipe somewhat. 11 graham crakers were not enough even for the 7" spring from pan I used. I had to use 18 crackers. Using the 7" instead of a 9" still yields 8-10 slices. I made my own mango puree out of frozen mango cubes, In addition I added rum extract and fresh squeezed orange juice to the sauce to add a bit of zip. I also topped of the cake with coconut cream cheese frosting and decorated it with toasted coconut and piped dollops of the frosting on top of the coconut edging and piped a line of mango sauce in the center. I plated it in a bed of sauce with drips across the top. Made a beautiful presentation
I, too, loved this recipe. You must use the coconut extract or it will be bland. The crust really makes this delicious.
I absolutely loved this cheesecake. My son, who does not usually eat coconut, loved it! I did not make the mango sauce because I do not like sauces with cheesecake. Also, I put the shredded coconut in the food processor with the cookie crumbs because I did not want that grainy taste in the crust. I would definitely make this again.
I typically avoid recipes that appear to realy upon extracts for flavor--and I am annoyed with myself for not exercising this rule today. I live in a country surrounded by fresh coconut--and thus extract is impossible to find--and I made the recipe without it, adding in additional fresh, unsweetened coconut. The result was a bland cheescake, with barely a hint of discernible coconut flavor. Also, the mango puree is too thin to match the texture of the cheescake. This recipe is a huge waste of money and calories--skip it! If I could vote 'zero forks,' I would.
This recipe calls for "cream of coconut". But I deduced that it should be "coconut milk". And yes, there is a huge difference. I didn't figure this out until I had bought all the ingredients and had to adapt to the cream of coconut challenge. But the cake was still good. I'm thinking it would have been lighter and sweeter with the coconut milk. Will have to try again and see. To "yrr from boston" - I used frozen mango chunks and pureed them in my food processor. Worked perfectly.
where does one find frozen mango puree? is it readily available at the grocery store?Extremely sweet and the recommended chocolate is overpowering. I had no problem with the "soft" maringue but as noted from previous reviewer it is sticky. I will not make this desert as described but I will try it with ganache topped with berries in between the marengue layers and finish it with whipped cream instead of chocolate. I may sprinkle chocolate shavings on top of the whipped cream.
Would not make this again. As someone else said the "merengue" which is as far from a merengue as possible sticks to everything and falls apart because it is so thin. If I was to ever try this again I would make more traditional merengue that is crispy and sprinkle coconut over the ganache. Also the glaze was way too thick and completely took away from the rest of the dish.
This is the second time I've made this dessert and it is fabulous. Yes, it does take some effort. But I'm one of those cooks who enjoys a challenging recipe now and then. It is very, very rich indeed. Rich and dark chocolaty and just a sliver will do. A beautiful special occasion dessert!
Cake was very rich with the glaze and the ganache which overpowered the coconut. Had alot of trouble with the coconut merengue too, which kept sticking to everything. I ended up having to patch it together. A fun experiment but not worth repeating.
Lots of futzing with it, in and out of the fridge. Tasted like a giant Mounds bar. My mom and I thought the amount of dark ganache on top was too much, dad and 6 year old daughter disagreed. 8 servings? Try more like 12 or 14; this was very rich.
This was just ok, the coconut just didn't go with it, and I like coconut, just my opinion. I guess if you're a coconut lover u can try it but as for me if I do make this again I will make some changes.I used coconut flakes instead of canned coconut, it turns out drier this way.
Pie was way to runny, I would not recommend making this.
Pie was way to runny,I would not recommend his to anyone. Pass along
In retrospect it was my oven that caused the problem. I recently tried it again-- I did reduce the sugar a little (by a quarter), and used coconut milk rather than regular milk. It set up fine this time with the baking time given. Very tasty, very coconutty.
Guess that it wasnt the "Yankees" that had a hard time. The pie actually worked for me and was great! Wasnt as firm as i would have liked but i have a sweet tooth
I baked the pie for an hour and a half at the suggested temperature- it still wasn't firm, but neither was it runny. Moist (from all that coconut, I suppose). Almost syrupy, in fact- I would reduce the sugar by half next time, or use unsweetened coconut. It was REALLY sweet.
I had problems finding a "can" of coconut. Any other substitutions work? I also found it very runny.
Following these directions, the pie was inedible. Definitely needs more cooking time, it was runny in the middle.
Not enough information about pie, and how to make a topping. Not everyone knows this and it needs to be explained. How long do you let the pie cool? In frig or counter?
Haven't made the pie yet, but am going to do it today. Sounds great!This didn't turn out as well as I'd hoped. I didn't like the texture of the coconut in the souffle. Other recipes in the original article are much better--chocolate, raspberry, goat cheese and even smoked trout!
I agree that the bake time and/or temp was off on this one. The recipe tasted great, but I had to cook it twice as long as stated and finally put the temp up to 350 for the last few minutes to actually finish the job (and I have a new oven, so I know that wasn't the issue). I suggest changing the cook temp to 350. Ohter than that, good recipe, though.
Exquisite. I added a little rum to the chocolate sauce to play off the sweetness of the soufle. No complaints, but raves.
What an easy and delicious recipe! Since the chocolate sauce and souffle base can be made ahead, putting this dessert together is quite simple. I made the sauce using half the heavy cream so it would be a little bit thicker in consistency. I also omitted the flaked coconut and added a bit more coconut extract for a smooth-textured souffle.
The baking time is way too short.I really love the flavor of this recipe. Unique and delicious. I love the contrast of the salt. The dough is very dry but that doesn't matter as you just pat it down in the tart pans. I would recommend grinding the coffee beans as finely as possible. Also I would double the frosting. I made a little bit more than the recipe called for and it was just barely enough and looked rather skimpy. I also would recommend chopping the ginger very finely and using less. I think its flavor overwhelms the cookie.
Glad I read a few reviews before making this one. I was at least prepared to add some liquid to the flour /butter mix since, as most reviewers pointed out, it was too dry to spread. So, I added a bit of cream (2 tsp). The first batch (don't have two pans) worked out well enough, but the second stuck to the pan and most of the shortbread was lost. Nice coffee flavour but may be too intense for some. Unfortunately, I don't plan to make this one again.
I loved this recipe. I found though (like others)that the binding of the dry ingredients with the butter never really started to form. No problem though...knowing it was a short bread with tons of butter, I took the ingredients and pressed them into the pans. This worked out just find as I pressed them with a mallet covered with tin foil so it would not stick. I also didn't have two 9" tart pans so I used 2, 9" springform pans and they worked perfectly. I didn't have any problem lifting them off the pan base but I did cut them into rectangles about 3/4" wide by 2" long so there would be more. The excess from the rounds were great little bites... This is not a really sweet cookie... but with the crystallized ginger on top of the glaze it's delicious combo! Read More http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/notes/Coffee-Spice-Shortbread-with-Crystallized-Ginger-362592#ixzz1cvsQ4NnP
Thought these would be great after looking at the recipe in the magazine. I added more ginger, cinnamon and used just 2 tbsp's of coffee and still ended up with a cookie that tastes more like something to have with a cup of coffee. No problems with baking. Added some more ginger to the icing and still didn't feel that it was "gingery" enough.
I had none of the prior issues with this recipe! I made as written, except for adding the crystallized ginger into the cookies, instead of saving it for on top. Just frosted at the end then. The "dough" is extremely crumbly when mixed, but once patted into the tart pan, baked up beautifully. These have a really nice almost chewy texture, and lots of ginger flavor. I do think I might increase the coffee, cinnamon and cardamom next time, as they did get a bit lost in the ginger.
I want to update my review of 12/17/10. These have become strangely addictive, and I definitely will make them again, with less flour, finely ground coffee, and more icing. I cut them into smallish diamond shapes. Those who don't like them probably are looking for a sweeter cookie, but I find these sophisticated and not for kids.
This is an update on my review of 12/17/10. These things really grew on me--I've decided I really like them as they've become strangely addictive. Next time I'll use more butter and less flour, and finely ground coffee. I cut them into diamond shapes, quite small. I'll use more icing too, but will definitely make them again. The people that don't like them are probably looking for a sweeter more conventional shortbread, but these have a certain cachΘ, I think.
I thought these were too dry and crumbly, even tho I increased the butter to 2.5 sticks and decreased the flour to 2.5 cups. They were more like a biscotti than a shortbread. I used ginger liqueur instead of water for the icing, but the chopped crystallized ginger didn't stick well. It needed more icing. I cut them into diamond shapes. Definitely use finely ground coffee, otherwise there is a somewhat gritty texture. I'll go back to the Rosemary Shortbread on this site--much better for a sophisticated cookie.
This was awful. I ate a couple of bits, gave a couple to my friend... we both looked at each other, and threw the entire thing away. I can't remember when I have ever done that. Bummer
Wish I'd checked these reviews before trying this out. The dough, when prepared as specified with 2 cups of flour and 2 sticks of butter, comes out really dry. It would barely come together into a ball, so I pressed it into the pan and hoped for the best. It seemed to never get brown at the edges, but browned all over instead, so that I overbaked one of the pans. Even the icing seems off -- I'd have used half a teaspoon of vanilla, not a whole. The final result tasted ok, but is nowhere near as delicious as the photo made it look. Pretty bummed.
Wish I'd checked these reviews before trying this out. The dough, when prepared as specified with 2 cups of flour and 2 sticks of butter, comes out really dry. It would barely come together into a ball, so I pressed it into the pan and hoped for the best. It seemed to never get brown at the edges, but browned all over instead, so that I overbaked one of the pans. Even the icing seems off -- I'd have used half a teaspoon of vanilla, not a whole. The final result tasted ok, but is nowhere near as delicious as the photo made it look. Pretty bummed.
This recipe has good potential but the measurements are off. I added extra butter, but this may have been needed because the typo in the flour amount online meant I added too much of that. But the spices are wonderful and the coffee adds a nice crunch. I melted dark chocolate on top instead of glaze and added a sprinkle of toffee bits which sweetened it up a bit. A great recipe for a sophisticated cookie.
Typo in the on-line recipe; magazine shows 2 Cups Flour. Reduced the espresso-grind coffee to 2T. Wonderful!
I found these to be spicy and delicious--BUT I don't think they are really a cookie that would be loved by the masses. More of a foodie cookie.. If I made them again, I would just use 2 T of coffee and use something finely ground. I think the dryness is from the baking time being a bit long...mine were a bit tough to cut around the edges of the pan, but the center was just fine.
I made these and everyone in my office loved them. The spices and coffee make for a very intense flavor. I will definitely make these .
I think this is a very good shortbread recipe and a little different. Thought they had a lot of great flavor. I use French roast coffee. Maybe the coffee flavor makes a difference? Would definitely make again.
I thoroughly enjoyed this. I expected fall flavors of ginger and cardamom, which are delicious, yet strong. I do not think it's too dry, it's crunchy and not overly buttery. The coffee flavor was subtle compared to the other flavors. Great holiday recipe, if you like cardamom and ginger, make this!
These are just weird. The coffee taste is quite strong. The taste is much improved with the glaze and ginger added. The execution and consistency were fine -- no troubles cutting at all, and the shortbread texture is perfect. That said, the flavor is just a bit too intense, especially for children.
I read the previous reviews while I was in the middle of making these as the dough seemed very dry. So I added another 1/2 stick of butter to the flour mixture and let it process for quite some time until it was really holding together. Turned out pretty good and I love the candied ginger. But don't know if I would make these again.
I have to say that shortbread is one of my favorite cookies to make, and I'm quite a coffee drinker, so I was excited to make this and was promptly disappointed. The flavors are good and not too sweet, if you use good, fresh spices, but the texture is WAY too dry making it impossible to cut into wedges. So if you're into shortbread brittle, go for it. Next time I'll add the spices and coffee to my go-to shortbread recipe (the pistachio shortbread in the green menu).
i had to substitute cinnamon and nutmeg for the cardamom but the coffee really makes this bitter and I'm a coffee drinker. I would probably back that down by half if i made it again.Got burned, crust sucked, and the filling was soupy. It ruined my present for my mother on mother's day. BEWARE!
absolutely wonderful. I only had instant espresso on hand so that was not hard to take either. Tastes so rich and creamy and smooth.
I worked at the Blums Downtown at Macy's back in 1966 and the original was MUCH better! This is okay - but it's NOT "Blum's." I do have the original Blum's Coffee Crunch Cake recipe if anyon's interested...
I have the old recipe from Blums and it is the very best. Fat and all.
I used to stand in line behind people eating at the counter at Blum's waiting for a piece of their Coffee Toffee Pie--It was fantastic back in the '60s. Any chance you can find the original recipe and share?
Good stuff, maynard. However, the corn starch was a pain in the coccyx, and being very lazy, I will probably use chocolate pudding mixed with rum and coffee granules for the filling the next time I prepare this pie. Everyone who tried it said "It's different, but very good."
I found this recipe very easy and fun to make. I took the pie to a Easter dinner and everyone loved it. It is definitely an evening dessert and a good way to "wind down" after a busy gathering.I did increase the gelatin to one full individual packet to help with consistency of filling. Also I used a piece of waxed paper over the hot crust mixture as I pushed it into the bottom of pan so it didn't burn my fingers.
I made this using a pie plate instead of a springform pan and did not have a problem with he consitency of the filling as others have mentioned. I loved the flavours of the filling and topping but thought the crust was terrible. It seemed a shame to make such a potentially great dessert only to have it ruined by the crust. I would stick to the original nut crust, rice krispies really are for kids.
I would rather try the full fat recipe. It is a dessert! And chocolate at that!
Phew! I'm glad to know that others experienced the same problem I did -- the filling was soupy. Also, the crust more or less disappeared when I poured the filling over it. We ate ours with a spoon and then put the rest in the freezer.
I made this last week. First of all, I burned my thumb really badly on the crust. I accidently touched some while trying to get it in the pie plate - OUCH! The crust did not stay together (I would have preferred a Rice Krispies recipe with marshmallows - would be easier - and I would melt the chocolate and then put it on the crust, as mine did not melt at all). What I ended up doing was to break the crust base up, add it to the chocolate (mine set up no problem) and pour it into a ready made graham cracker pie shell. Then I finished it as per recipe. It was quite good, but I don't think I would bother with it again as it was impossible to make as per recipe.
I agree with the Connecticut cook, ie something's off with the gelatin amount. The filling never set whatsoever, and I had to "pour" it into a pie dish to serve it up! The tase was great, so maybe there will be a measurement correction in next month's issue?? Please please??!!
My daughter, home from college, tried to make this. The crust did not stay together. After pouring the sugar mixture on the rice krispies, it cooled immediately and the chocolate did not melt. We placed it in the oven hoping to melt the whole thing into one piece. The chocolate melted but the crust never came together. The filling did not jell. The amount of gelatin in the recipe must be wrong. After three hours we still had a soupy mixture. I added about two additional teaspoons of gelatin that I poured over a tablespoon of cold water, let sit, and melted. This helped somewhat but the filling never got firm. There was not enough topping to go on this. The general consensus was the taste was great so we would try it again to see if we were just having a bad day.Though this recipe may not be the traditional method or ingredients, it is still good! I make it all the time. It's an easy lunch for the kids... and I make it with a whole milk local yogurt that is very liquidy. Maybe that's why I have success. Either way, the simple fact that it is not exactly the same as every traditional recipe does not make it bad... it's just different. Maybe if we call it something different all you elitist will calm it down!
I almost fell over when I saw ricotta cheese as the first ingredient - not authentic at all. Spaetzle presses can be easily found (last I checked I saw one on Target-dot-com) and making spaetzle that way really isn't very messy.
Spaetzle has always been too much work for tiny lumps of boiled dough--no matter what technique you use. Although piping a thin stream into boiling water while rapidly swirling a sharp knife seems to make a nice spaetzle shape and size.
Skeptical, but we tried it. BIG MISTAKE. Even bigger mess. Batter was too thick, and the idea of "holding the collander over boiling water, while pressing dough through the holes" is ludicrous. Can you say, "Steam Burns?" What a poorly written recipe! Like I said, we tried it. All got tossed out, and we re-made with our tried and true spaetzle recipe ... the simple eggs and flour and salt kind ... cut it on the cutting board like MorMor did. Grannie always knew best.
Lots of people rated this recipe and didn't try it. From what I see, two people tried it and rated it 3 and 2 forks. While I admit, that the first ingredient selection seems a little inauthentic, I am eager for a recipe that allows me to make spaetzle with a colander. The spaetzle press is a great thing, but some of us in foreign countries can't get it, even on-line. I believe the original method is one previously described with a cutting board and a knife - a swift fluid movement that dribbles the batter into the boiling water. But making spaetzle that way takes alot of hard-earned skill. Not having the skill, or the press, I'd love to be able to make spaetzle with a colander. I love spaetzle with a rich, deep, mushroom sauce as with Bavarian Jaeger Schnitzel.
I agree with several of the critics of this recipe. It is anything but authentic and I won't even attempt to try it. The original way to make Spaetzle is by wetting a wooden board and slicing narrow strips of dough into the boiling salted water which is quite time consuming. Then came the spaetzle "machine" which looks like a grater with a small box on top into which you put the dough and by moving it back and forth it drops little pieces into the pot with the boiling water. Last, not least the potato ricer with the larger insert.This results into a noodle like product. Timing varies with the size of the spaetzle. They need to be removed as soon as they float to the top and transferred to a strainer. When they are all done, put them into a frying pan with a little butter and reheat them. The basic batter is always flour, eggs milk, a little salt and nutmeg. Proportions vary with different recipes. I learned from a real Swabian chef his secret for a lighter product, I would check with other reviewers about the basic recipes for "real" spaetzle, but add a couple of tablespoons farina and let the dough rest for at least 15 minutes before putting it into boiling water. We like to eat them with a little grated Swiss cheese or add chopped pieces of ham heated with the Spaetzle, served with a nice salad as a side dish.
In Hungary and nearby European countries, they have dishes very similar to spaetzel. Each will have it's own variation, and in Hungary, you can make "cheese noodles" as it's loosely translated, which is a general recipe but with cottage cheese added (their cottage cheese is slightly different to ours). Either way, a spaetzel press/machine is a great idea and will make the job quicker. I sometimes add fresh finely chopped parsley to mine and when served with butter and some cracked pepper, they are delicious.
I made this recipe with ricotta. Unsurprisingly, the batter was quite thick after only 1.5 cups of flour -- so I simply left out the last cup. It was wonderful. I don't own a colander with large enough holes, unfortunately, so I used my time-honored technique of massaging the batter through a holey spatula. :)
I would never make this recipe again. I used some great Greek Yogurt and the batter turned into a thick dough. There was no way I could push it through a colander. I dropped some batter into the boiling water and the dumpling like results tasted very bland. Completely unpalatable. I threw out the rest. Not a good first experience with Spaeztle.
Thank you for this recipe! I adore spaetzle, but have always thought I needed a spaetzle maker. I can't wait to try this out!
My grandmother, who hailed from Mannheim, used to put the dough onto a cutting board, and with a lickety split chopping motion sliced bits into the boiling water. And they were delicious - no ricotta in them either.
Would not even begin to make this. I learned how to make spaetzle when our German exchange student showed up with a "Spaetzle Press" as a gift. If the batter is more like dough then add more milk, it should be slightly thicker than pancake batter. She likes the spaetzle pan-fried with butter after it is removed from the boiling water and strained.
My favorite spaeztle recipe for use with a Spaeztle Hex (NO idea where that name came from): 3 cups all purpose flour, 1 tsp salt, 6 large eggs, 4 Tbsp water, freshly-ground nutmeg. Mix it so smooth that it's even a little bubbly. It will be thick. Grind through spaetzle hex into boiling salted water. When cooked spaetzle rise to surface of water, stir and cook about 20 seconds more (they really do not need any longer). Toss with butter, salt, pepper, and maybe some snipped chives.
Good dish, bad execution. And spaeztle with ricotta?? To easily form great spaeztle, I love using one of these: http://www.aaltonet.com/spaetzle/ . It works like a meat grinder, and you just grind into your boiling water. I got mine at a gourmet kitchen store, but I'm sure it's available in a variety of places online. Be sure to mix your dough until it's really smooth--it's not like biscuits where you want to stir until just combined. You can stir and stir and stir and it won't hurt it. I like some fresh-grated nutmeg in my spaetzle.
This receipt is idiotic. WHERE are you going to find "Greek Yogurt"!! My grandmother was German from the Sudetenland (German Czechoslovakia) and made this and it's Czech "[lski" version as well. BOTH are served with toasted Bread Crumbs. First off, where would Germans get Greek Yogurt OR ricotta cheeze!!?? How Absurd! Here's the way a REAL GERMAN makes it: Ingredients: * 3 cups all-purpose flour * 1/2 tsp salt * 1/4 tsp ground or freshly grated nutmeg * 4 eggs * 1 cup milk * 1 cup fine dry breadcrumbs (optional) * 4 T butter (optional) Preparation: Combine flour, salt and nutmeg. Add eggs and mix. Pour milk into the dough little by little, until a smooth batter forms, slightly thinner than brownie batter. Let rest at least 5 minutes. Bring 2 quarts of water with 1/2 teaspoon salt to a boil in a heavy, 4 - 5 quart saucepan. Plan on boiling at least 2 batches from this recipe. Set a large colander (one with large holes) over the saucepan and press the dough, a few spoonfuls at a time, through the holes directly into the water. Boil for 5-8 minutes until the noodles are tender to the bite. Remove noodles with a slotted spoon and drain further in a sieve. Toss with roasted breadcrumbs to serve. To make breadcrumbs: Melt and stir 4 tablespoons butter in a pan over medium heat until butter stops foaming. Add 1 cup breadcrumbs and cook, stirring constantly, until crumbs are browned. Drain on paper towels.
What did I do wrong? I could NOT get the dough through the colander holes. Pretty frustrating since the rest of dinner was waiting! I will not even try to make again.
I can't imagine this actually working, or working well. I've tried similar things, and all of them just made a sticky mess. I make standard Spaetzle dough, and I push it through a potato ricer, using the die with the largest holes. It works great, and it's available at any Crate & Barrel.
I'm a bit perplexed at the recipe, just looking at it. The texture and liquidity of ricotta, Greek yogurt, and buttermilk are extremely different. Even regular yogurt (not strained as Greek yogurt is) is thicker than buttermilk. Ricotta is much thicker than either of the other two. I can't help but think that you would get wildly different results depending on your choice of dairy product in this recipe.
interesting, I have never heard of a spΣtzle recipe with ricotta. If you want to read my adventures with making traditional schwabian spΣtzle, read here: http://americanwolpertinger.blogspot.com/2009/03/real-german-cuisine-challengekasespatzl.html
I use a very similar spaetzle recipe, but instead of using a colander I put the batter into a gallon size storage bag. I then snip off a very small corner and pipe the batter into the water. I get some pieces that are a bit longer than traditional spaetzle, but it's very fast (and you can always snip them right in the pot with a kitchen scissors)
To amanda: did you use buttermilk or cheese?
This was a total flop. I made the recipe according to directions and the spaetzle would not come thru the holes of the colander. I even enlisted my husband to help squeeze the batter thru while I held the bowl. I ended up spooning lumps of batter into the boiling water and the effect was way off the mark.Beets have to be one of the most underrated vegetables in the garden. Had I known how easy this would be, I would have made it years ago. I like the idea of onions - I feel naked cooking without them. Will try that next time. I sauteed the greens with a slice of bacon and a tablespoon of vinegar & sugar. Fabulous. Healthy.
i found this borscht slightly boring. the potatoes and sour cream are ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL; otherwise it is basically boiled sliced beets in water; the eggs are not noticeable to the palate. i would add dill as a garnish, unquestionably. and in the soup, too, i have had borscht many times that way. also would add more lemon juice. i would make it again only if adding some other little ingredients to add sizzle. i added sauteed onions which were delicious but that may be very unorthodox
I first tried the Variation using canned beets, just about 1/4 of a lemon, a pinch of citric acid, a little sugar, & the 1 1/2 C water. I was not at all happy with this -- for me, it's much too much water & had very little flavor. So I added the following to the canned cooked beets: a chopped medium onion (from Molly Goldberg's old cookbook), 2 medium whole fresh peeled beets plus about 2 1/2 to 3 C more water (added in small amounts) & almost 1/4 tspn citric acid. I cooked all this 1 hour, chopped all the hot beets into julienne strips including the canned beets, (easier & safer for my hands than trying to chop the hard raw beets), tasted & reseasoned. I needed no added sugar with the fresh beets. Now the flavor was quite strong & sweet, & I could add a little more water by 1/2 cups. I let the whole mess cook about 30 minutes longer, again tasted & reseasoned, chilled the soup & served with plain yoghurt & a little chopped chive sprinkled on. My aim in beet borscht (or cabbage soup) is a definite bright, sweet-&-sour flavor...a matter of balancing the sweet beets with the citric acid little by little, & not letting it get too watered down. I'd never make the borscht again without that chopped onion which gave it more depth & real flavor, and I prefer the citric acid for my "sour" to the more specific flavor of much lemon. I used to drip in the beaten egg but don't bother with it any more so the soup lasts longer without spoiling.
I made this for my in-laws who absolutely loved it. It's not really my thing, but my father-in-law said it was just like his mother used to make it.
Great soup, easy to make with the right tools (in my case a sharp knife and good whisk). I didn't have the sour salt on hand and wish I had--I think it would have made a difference. Added in some white balsamic vinegar upon eating to get a bit more kick. VERY refreshing on a hot summer's day. For anyone concerned about working with the eggs, just add the hot soup to the eggs very slowly and whisk vigorously so that you don't cook the eggs. It's quite simple if you take it slowly.
I had no idea how hard it could be to grate beets without a food processor. I had beet spray everywhere. I thought this recipe was great for its simplicity, but after I looked at some other recipes with more vinegar and onions, I was wishing for more. The eggs definitely make a big difference in this soup. I also thought the addition of potatoes afterwards was a must (and sour cream of course). I would make this again, but it was a bit of a labor of love for my first borscht experience.
excellent,simply jewish super refreshing.
There are many variations of cold beet soup depending on your country of origin. Eastern Europeans do not use eggs in that fashion. Rather, after the beets are cooked and their cooking juice cooked and saved the process begins. My grandmother used to dice cucumbers (get rid of the seeds) scallions, fresh dill and add them to sour cream. Take the mixture and put it in the soup that you are going to consume at the time. Some people add buttermilk. Hard cook eggs to taste are finely chopped and added as are hot boiled potato pieces. That's the way I remember it and that's the way my kids eat it, minus the eggs.
I love this recipe. I have made it twice and the old fashioned technique of the mixing by bowls is very cool. I enjoy cold soups and this one is fantastic!
Closest to what I remember my mother making. I agree with other reviewer...I used 3 T. cider vinegar to start, added another and the taste was very good. Also, the tops of the fresh beets were so fresh and beautiful, I chopped some and added them as well.
use some vinegar instead of the lemonWell, this is an easy dish, and edible. I subbed carrot for bell pepper, as it's what was on hand. I don't think using bell pepper would have improved my opinion. I found it too sweet, likely I would decrease relish and add straight white vinegar instead of pickle juice next time. Also a bit heavy on onion for my taste. I'll make "this" dish again, with modifications. Friends and family ate it all, but they're a hungry group.
My mom made it and it was very good. I normaly dont eat it but I loved it.Outstanding! Not Irish, but this Norweigian loves potatoes and garlic. Just the recipt I was looking for. Yummie eatemup.
A wonderful idea, but no cigar. It was somewhat bland, and lacked the oomph it needed. Maybe a personal preference, but my family had the same reaction.I served this at a party for 50 people - everyone loved it. It won't convert mussel-haters, but who cares about them. Make sure you use a big whack of coriander and garlic. This is a great make-ahead dish. A definite keeper.
the mexican twist was interesting, but I think the more garlicky spicy red sauces are more palatable--if you eat a lot of mussels, then this would be a welcome change. My mother in law loved them!I prefer the sauce without the sesame oil - it's way too strong for the other flavors. Without the sesame oil, though, the sauce is awesome. Just like my mom's ginger chicken...okay almost.
I thought this was a really subtle, classy dish and my guests loved it. We served it with cold seasme spinach which had a strong flavor that went well with the chicken.
Basic, but tastes good and is so easy to prepare. The remaining soup stock is great for use in other recipes. I do admit that more of the flavor is in the sauce, not the chicken. I am experimenting by adding soy sauce, sugar, and scallions to the boiling water and increasing the sherry cooking wine. This recipe is very similar to Cold Poached Chicken with Chinese Garlic Sauce.
I thought this recipe was rather flavorless.I really liked this recipe - it was tasty. Also made it for a party and got compliments from my guests.
I tried this recipe because I had a lactose intolerant guest and my regular coleslaw dressing used yogurt. I used regular (sultana I think) raisins and white balsamic because that was what I had. The result was just OK. The flavour was not very interesting. Perhaps with white wine vinegar and golden raisins it might have been better. I'll never know. I can't imagine the improvement would be that great and thus still would not make a keeper. I'll look for another non dairy dressing.
Too bland and tasteless! I prepared this dish the day before I served it and tried adding pecans, extra golden raisins, etc., but it was still a waste of my time and ingredients.
My family and guests really enjoyed this - it is a nice change from the typical slaw. I did add 1/2 c. of pecan pieces and I used bagged tri-color slaw blend, both of which I will definitely do again. EASY!!!
Good and easy recipe. We served it with home made buffalo wings during the SuperBowl and it worked. We also added some whole raisins at the end and a bit of sugar. Definitely got better after a few hours in the refrigerator.
I have made this recipe for 3 different bbq's and it was a winner every time. Very easy and a nice twist on the traditional side salad.
This takes about 2 minutes to make and is a nice variation on an old theme. Using pre-made coleslaw (shredded cabbage and carrots), this is super easy! If you pour the vinaigrette while still warm, you get one texture. If you wilt the cabbage with the warm vinaigrette but then chill, there's another. Finally, cooling the vinaigrette before mixing is yet another. Good with lots of dishes.I used a classic smokey BBQ sauce and it was very overpowering - will not be making this again.
If you expect your coleslaw to taste like bbq sauce, then this recipe is fine. Served on top of the pulled pork sandwich it's better, but alone, it simply tastes like bbq sauce.
Just...ok. The bbq sauce might have thrown me off. I'll spend my energies on another recipe next time.
Great match for the pork shoulder sandwiches on this site. Adds the perfect amount of "crunch". However, I omitted the bbq sauce (would rather let people add their own at the table) and added a red cabbage for colour. I think it's also important to make sure you use a whole egg mayonaise (Not Miracle Whip) as it doesn't have any added sugar or vinegar. Otherwise it will end up too sour/sweet.
This is so easy to prepare and the kids like it. I do add some grated carrot to enhance it's appearance.
I thought this was a great coleslaw recipe!!
I especially liked this coleslaw on top of the Carolina Barbecue pork and for that I give it a 3. On it's own, a 2, I'm not as excited about it and like other recipes better.
Although the associated barbecue recipe is out of this world, this slaw recipe is just so-so at best. The color is a bit off putting and the flavor is lacks depth or any excitement. There are far better coleslaw recipes in the world. Won't waste the time to make again.
BEST COLESLAW I'VE TASTED. I MADE HALF OF THE RECIPE AND STARTED EATING IMMEDIATELY. MADE IT WITH PULLED PORK (GAIL'S RECIPE SWAP), BARBEQUE BAKED BEANS (EPICURIOUS), RICE AND PORTUGUESE CORNMEAL WHITE BREAD. EVERYONE RAVED.
I am confused on all the negative comments for this recipe. I have taken this to many occasions and have left with an empty bowl each time. I work with the dressing until it is just right. I add a carrot and do half green/ half purple cabbage to make it present better. This is a good recipe.
I'm picky about my cole slaw and this one is a winner. I made it using homemade barbecue sauce and added more than the recipe called for. If using a very sweet sauce, you might want to add a bit less sugar depending on how you like your cole slaw.
I didn't find this recipe very thrilling. It is not a beautiful dish, as you can imagine, and was only picked at at a party I recently had. All in all, blech.
With a food processor this recipe was very easy to make. I'm not sure why, but some people say it tastes of horseradish! This could use some grated carrot. Makes a LOT of slaw!
An outstanding recipe that perfectly matches the pork barbecue sandwiches receipe.Yummy! I added just a touch of vinger flavored tarragon and some sourcream. This was a very easy and fast recipe. Got raves in our house. Also I had no problem with the cabbage staying crisp. Dish was served in less than 4 hours after making.
This was not worth the effort. It became limp adn everything was sort of the same color. No taste - we disliked it so much, we threw it all out after the first taste!! No amount of seasoning helped because the slaw did not stay crisp and crunchy. Don't waste your time.
The only thing I would change: 1. Using regular type cole-slaw. 2. Add 2 Tabs. honey * If you use sliced cole-slaw steam it just a little till SLIGHTLY limp.Tart, crisp, savory, rich. I used Plochman's mustard (stoneground with a little horseradish; a nice rough German-style mustard), added some thinly sliced yellow and red bell pepper, and substituted dillWEED for dill SEED, which added just the right subtle sweetness to round out the flavor.
I loved it. I thought the mustard gave it wonderful flavor. I chose to leave out the onion. This will be a staple in our house.
I made it according to the recipe and it was ok, but next time I'll add less mustard, because it overpowered the other flavors.
This is on regular rotation in our house now. I usually halve it, and add in some celery and red peppers (cut very thin) for some extra color and texture. Simple, healthy, and a perfect side for the chili-rubbed chicken (on this site).
Considering the calories and fiber in this recipe, it is not bad. I thought that the mustard was a bit too strong and would use less next time. Worth a try.Hi, I read the previous reviews and applied a couple of methods I've used for another slaw recipe- they seemed to address the acidity and "raw flavor" issues: First, I tossed the veggies with 1/2 cup brown sugar- this starts them softening. Then I followed the recipe for the slaw liquid- but then just brought it to a boil and poured it over the veggies and tossed. Refrigerate for an hour and it really is tasty- the flavors are melded and it's got a little sweetness. (I did add a couple of drops of tabasco at the end for a spicy kick, too)
OK, granted, I messed with the recipe a little. I used celery salt instead of celery seeds (I decreased regular salt), and used chardonnay vinegar instead of white wine vinegar. Also used plain old green cabbage and plain paprika. But this turned out very, very acidic, like a relish. Not bad, just not something I enjoy eating! I think adding more sugar may help, but I'll stick with sauteeing collards!
This is my new keeper recipe for coleslaw after seeing B. Smith prepare it with Michael Lomanaco on Epicurious TV. My recommendations? If possible make this dish up to a day ahead to really soften the collards and the cabbage and to allow the flavors of the dressing to meld with the veggies. If you can't find Napa cabbage--as I couldn't the day I went to the store--savoy cabbage made a fine substitute because the leaves have texture to hold the dressing. Regular green cabbage would probably do fine, but the savoy really held the dressing nicely. Also, as I made this for my Christmas party, I wanted some red so I added in radicchio though red cabbage was also an option. At first I didn't care for the dressing so I sweetened it up a bit with brown sugar and honey. (That's just my taste because I don't like my dressings to be too acidic.) All in all a fabulous slaw and a great way to prepare collards besides the traditional saute/steam/boil. Thanks B.!Excellent. I used our sieck pears which are crunchy pears...I thought the topping was nice and crisp..I used 1T less butter in the recipe.
While I know Chez Panisse is an excellent restaurant, I've never had any luck with its recipes and will avoid them in future. There are much better pear crisp recipes.
We had company so I thought I would use this recipe instead of my usual crisp--big mistake! It was very bland and not very crisp. Comice are really delicious eating pears, but I will keep using Bosc pears for baking. My regular crisp recipe is wonderful with pears, its really a simple batter with flour, sugar, butter and an egg. A standard crisp recipe with oatmeal and brown sugar would be better than this recipe as well.
I've now made it twice, and would make the following recommendations. Make sure your pears are ripe and soft for full flavor. The second time I also added cranberries and a bit of pear brandy. These adjustments made for a bit more flavor and color.
there should be a 0 folk (no taste) or -1 folk for (not tasty at all) This is a 0 folks
i marinated the pears in brandy and sugar before baking them which made for an interesting flavor. this dish was just ok - good if you're in a pinch timewise to make something and you have some ripe pears on hand: it's quick and easy.
I find the pears to be a bit bland. They do not stand up well to the topping. Perhaps a bit of spice mixed in with the pears would liven them up a bit.It's better if it's refrigerated for a few hours. I also added some diced onion and 3 strips of diced fried bacon and drippings.Great recipe. I used creme fraiche instead of yogurt. Very decadent.
This soup was pretty boring, kind of bland, but it was easy to make. My guests liked it ok, but maybe they were just being nice...I've been looking for an eggplant salad recipe that is similar to the one they serve in Moroccan restaurants and this sounded like it might be close. The low rating was a bit discouraging, but there were only 2 reviews. I used all the ingredients except fennel seeds, ginger and paprika, because I don't remember those flavors being in the Moroccan salad. I roasted 2 large eggplants with a whole garlic bulb in the oven, and chopped 4 plum tomatoes without peeling & seeding them. My family really liked it and said it tasted like the Moroccan salad.
This was not the best eggplant salad I've ever had. It sounds a lot better than it actually is. The lemon took away from the eggplant taste. It's not terrible but I'm not making it again.
This dish was fine- but didn't have the bite that I thought it would have. It might have been better with more lemon juice and ginger. It did make a delicious roll-up/sandwich with some goat chesse and arugula.This was extremely easy to make. I did make a couple changes - I used veggie broth instead of chicken and used a little more than 1/3 cup lowfat sour cream instead of the whipping cream. The result was very tasty (and a little lower fat) and I added a little cayenne to heighten the spice a bit. I served it with the Cornmeal Biscuits with Cheddar and Chipotle recipe from Bon Appetit (they are awesome!). My husband loved it. And it was so quick!
Solution to flavor problem...do a mash up. Go directly to the Epicurious recipe for Chicken Chile Verde...it's more complicated, and you don't have to follow it exactly, but it gives you some great ideas on seasoning this soup/stew better (cumin, cilantro, chili powder, paprika and cinnamon sticks.) I am basically making that version tonight with canned hominy vs. frozen corn. And I will say it again...home-made stock is the BEST way to go on every soup and stew recipe. Make and freeze in 2 cup increments. Unbelievable difference.
With a little tweaking, this soup is fantastic. I use a little less chicken broth, a little more corn and I puree more of the soup than the recipe calls for. This makes for a thicker, creamier soup. My family loves it and it's always a hit with guests.
Realy good, interesting flavor and oh so easy! Mine turned out plenty thick enough and in the end I added some chopped chicken breast I had left over. Enjoy! KIMBER
This recipe is so easy that I just couldn't help but like it. I first made this about a year ago, I thought I'd make it again, but I never have. So I guess it wasn't as great as I originally thought. It might be good as a last minute thing, but I'm not sure I would feature this soup on any menu of mine.
This recipe needs a LOT of help. It is not a thick chowder when finished, so I thickened it with 2 T of flour, then added a can of creamed corn. I also added a medium, chopped onion sauteed in a little butter. These changes made a delicious chowder which I would make again.This was perfect for the Sept. vegetables I bought in the morning from the farmer's market. I used baby zucchini, ridged and baby crookneck, and the recipe was simple and delicious enought to do this gorgeous produce justice. I have a gas stove, so quickly roasted the poblano using a grill cover and then popped them in a bag - didn't bother too much with peeling, just put plastic bag over my hands for protection and pulled the guts out and chopped them up. A great way to let the produce shine
I feel almost bad commenting because i made so many substitutions, but i liked this dish. It had a nice flavor, they melded well together, when used as a side dish to my lemon thyme grilled chicken. I used frozen corn, a red bell pepper instead of the poblano chili, no zuccini, chives instead of scallions, and chopped roma tomatoes.
I seared some scallops in a really hot pan and served them on top of this salad. The salad was very flavorful and refreshing. Had leftovers the next day and was still excellent. The only trouble I had was browning the corn because I doubled the recipe and there was too much juice - didn't matter though, it was still excellent. I did cook the garlic with the corn mixture because I was afraid it would have that "raw" taste.
it tasted ok - but no one at the potluck commented on it, or asked for the recipe. NOT worth the time, re: cutting the fresh kernals and roasting the chile.I added about 3Tbs of raw sugar, used powdered buttermilk & one cup water. This was one of the best corn breads I've ever made! Will definitely make this recipe again.
A good basic cornbread if you don't like the sweet variety. Works well with the Creamed Oyster Dish and would be a good dense one for cornbread stuffing.
Awful cornbread, dense, pastey, bland, Don't bother.
This is a dense but wonderful cornbread. Nothing I would ever be ashamed to have said that I made the cornbread.
Where y'all from? We never put flour in our cornbread down in Louisiana! We like our cornbread to taste like CORNbread!! Here's an easy recipe: 1 cup cornmeal, 1 cup buttermilk (don't substitute), 1 t. baking powder, 1 t. salt, 2 eggs, 2 T oil. That's it!! That's all. Mixture will be thin and souply. Mix well and bake in non-stick muffin tin or non-stick skillet at 450 deg. for 20 min.
Very dry and not tasty. I made it for guests and was embarrased after I tasted it.
i LOVE THIS RECIPE. vERY MOIST INSIDE, CRISP OUTSIDE. i DO OCCASIONALLY ADD A COUPLE TBS OF SUGAR OR 1/2 CUP GRATED CHEDDAR, BUT IT IS GOOD AS IS.
I found this recipe to be very bland. If I decide to make it again, I'll take the suggestions of the other posts.
I am sure this corn bread would win 4 forks on its own but I could not resist changing the recipe to suit our tastes. I used half of an 8.5 oz can of cream-style corn and only 3/4 c buttermilk -- also added 3 T sugar. It was moist and tender with golden, crispy crust!! This will become part of my recipe file!
Really good corn bread, not sweet like lots of corn bread recipes. Excellent toasted the next day, too.
good texture, tastes like cornbread should. Next time I'll add some jalapenos for a bit of spiceThis is great vehicle for dealing with leftover cornbread. I served it with braised chicken with apples and sage. Think of this like polenta, you can serve it with lots of dishes.
This was okay, but came out way too sweet. Here's the thing: The recipe calls for a package of cornbread stuffing, but doesn't say whether to include the "spice packet" that comes with those cornbread stuffing mix. So I didn't include it, and I probably should have.After reviewing the other reviews, I made this recipe with gruyere cheese instead of mozzarella. It added a lot of taste. Several people at the party asked for the recipe!
GREAT!!! I loved this recipie! I love cornbread and this was a great new twist from the original cornbread. I seasoned the tomatoes with salt and pepper like another reviw said, and I added the right amount of fresh parley as well as a frw pinches of dried to give it some more flavor. It made a great presentation and tasted great with the lamb and ratatoui I made!
I was quite disappointed with this recipe. As I'm originally from the south, I was nearly raised on corn bread, and love to experiment with new twists on the old favorite, but this isn't a recipe that I'll bother with again. Quite dry and very little flavor.
I don't make this exactly as written, but the changes make relatively moist standard corn muffins. I omit the parsley, cheese and tomatoes and use veggie oil. I vary whether I use thinned sourcream or plain yogurt or buttermilk. This recipe makes 12 muffins that are simple and extra good with honey. They bake in about 15 minutes.
I thought the recipe was basicaly a good one. I found that shredding the mozzarella instead of cubing it helped the cheese to melt evenly. I also added more spice in the form of a little salt and pepper on the tomatoes before incorporating them into the batter. My boyfriend and his friend liked it and it went well with the roast chicken I made. Just needs a little more zing! :)
No taste at all. I added a few more herbs but no difference. It missed salt to bring forth the flavour. I wont waste my time again. I wasted alot of cheese.
This was very good, but I made a few changes. In a pinch, I used dried parsley flakes vs. fresh Italian. I also added a few shakes of Italian-blend seasoning, which might have counteracted the blandness the previous reviewer noted. Try to eat it all on the first day -- it got soggy by day two.
I was a bit disappointed with this dish. It was bland even though I added extra parsley. If I were to try it again, I would add cilantro instead of parsley for more flavor. But, I would save the time and effort spent making it and just by a French bread or Italian loaf.Made this cornbread for a potluck dinner. All sixteen people present really enjoyed it.There was not one negetive comment.And not a crumb was left.
Good, but not great. I did add a little extra buttermilk to solve the "dryness" that a previous reviewer commented on. Even so, I did not get more than polite reviews from the 6 guests I served this to. It was good, but was not as good as I had hoped for. Not sure what was wrong, but I did not get the flavor out of the spring onions and parmesan that I had hoped for.
This was a good but not great corn bread recipe. The green onion and parmesan make it interesting but it was a tad dry.
I really liked this cornbread recipe because it was not as sweet as some others I've tried. The parmesan cheese gave it a really unique flavor that we all enjoyed. Also, the leftovers freeze well and are great with chili.Was so excited about the fresh corn from the market and corn fritters with beer battered fish - but I too had exploding corn fritters - did the corn need to be cooked first?
I must have done something wrong, but I would swear I measured everything perfectly, and I'm really pretty competent in the kitchen. The batter was very liquid, and it exploded/disintegrated into bits and pieces in the oil. Maybe I had extra-wet corn?
great
I was looking for a breakfast corn fritter recipe to use up a big sack of corn ears, and used this one, minus the garlic. It was pretty good! I used regular oil for frying to get away from the savory towards the sweet.
I grew up eating corn fritters, one of my grandmother's favorites. If you want a "cornier" taste, replace the wheat flour with masa harina (corn flour). It's what corn tortillas and tamales are made from, and it's available in the Mexican/Latin section of many supermarkets. Also, it's easy to remove corn from the cob using a mandoline if you have one (the small chopping blade can be used for grating corn for the other recipe).
Delicious...I would use olive oil and canola oil. It would allow a higher temp. Olive oil was smoking at 300. Fresh corn from the garden and homemade maple syrup. Yum.I pureed 3/4 of the corn, onions, and jalapeno and didn't feel the need to strain the vegetables. My husband and I liked the "corny" taste and feel of the soup--somewhat chowder-like. Outside of the bacon (and maybe even with it), the entire thing could easily be accomplished outdoors on a gas grill with a side burner, which makes it a good idea for a light summer supper or a first course for a special meal. I did sugar and pepper the water in which I cooked the corn (1/2 t ea.) Lovely, simple and light flavors--not too hot despite a whole jalapeno. Just a nice warm mouthbuzz.
I followed this recipe exactly. I was surprised that the color was not as bright as I had expected (sort of a dull yellow), and the texture was, well, corny. Pureeing the corn mixture did not make it creamy at all, as I could still feel the fibers of the corn kernels in my mouth. I decided to puree all of it, and then strain it, which yielded a something I would describe as a corn broth, great for poaching fish in or serving in shot glasses with some crispy shallots or scallops right on top.This is my go to cornbread recipe. I always cut it in half and it works fine. I, too wish it were a bit moister but love the flavors. The crust on top is pretty and delicious!
I found that this recipe turned out very well and it was a huge hit. I cut down the amount of bacon but I would use the full 10 slices next time. The major change that I made was to add 1/2 cup aged cheddar to the batter. Cheddar cornbread is an old family favorite from a Paul Prudhomme recipe. The cheese adds flavor and moisture. Excellent recipe and simple to prepare.
This was ok, nothing fabulous. The bacon was a nice touch and went down well with the boys, but the actual cornbread was a little dry.
I was 98% totally pleased with this recipe. I, too, wish that it was a little bit moister. The flavor was great and I would totally make this again!
The bacon on top was interesting but the corbread itself was average. It wasn't moist enough and I don't think the whole corn added any benefit.
Very moist and flavorful. Great comfort food. The recipe serves 12 to 16 people. I'm going to cut it in half and see if it freezes well.
actually.... many, many cornbread recipes call for sugar, honey, or any other type of sweetner. I really liked this cornbread - the salty flavor of the bacon combines well with the rest of the recipe. I think the previous reviewer should maybe MAKE the recipe then comment. I have other recipes that like better - but this was yummy and a good change.
No sugar in cornbread. For god's sake, corn is already sweet!Nothing to write home about. There are many other cornish hen recipes which are better on this website. Very plain.
I had to switch beet greens for Swiss chard, but I was able to get juniper berries. We really liked the foresty flavor that the berries added. I'd make this again.
This is an interesting dish with unusual flavors. When I'm particularly adventurous, I foresee that I will be making it again. This is a great recipe to show off with, if you have the time and energy to locate juniper berries and quality pancetta.
i drove 20 minutes trying to locate juniper berries, only to discover they are a bit too perfumey for my taste. the combination of flavors of beet greens, pancetta and juniper berries, was overpowering and foreign. i was expecting a comfort food experience.These biscuits are dependable and so easy to make - excellent flavour, and the texture is like a biscuit with a bit of crunch to it. Great with chowder or any soup!
Texture is too dense for biscuits. If you want a cornmeal flavor bread to go with a meal, you are better off with traditional cornbread or corn muffins, than with this biscuit recipe.The flavors in this are great. However, I had some problems with the blini mixture -- the batter was so soft that when I tried to flip them, they squished and lost their round shape. I made the blinis a little bigger (one T is very small) and used more oil, which helped a little. Don't make this for company unless you try it out first -- but otherwise, this would make a tasty appetizer.Baked this cake for my sisters birthday and was embarrassed. I had hoped for something denser - like a pound cake (hadn't read other reviews). The corn and compote flavors together were good, but the cake was disappointing. I'll find a different cake recipe and try it with the compote again.
This cake was terrible - there are not enough stabilizers to support the cake - very eggy and the heavier batter sank during baking. I was not expecting a cornbread-type cake, but I was expecting something a bit nicer than this. Went ahead and ate my strawberries and rhubarb with whipped cream and tossed the cakes.
I was glad to have the cautions of other reviewers, but once I knew what to expect, I thought the cake, with the compote, was just delicious. The texture of the cake was creamy, and the flavor just lightly sweet enough to be complimented by the cherries. With a cherry pitter, the whole dessert was also extremely easy to make.
After reading the previous comments, I almost didn't make this, but I'm glad I did. If you're expecting something with the texture of cornbread or a corn muffin, you'll be disappointed, but if you're a polenta-lover, as I am, you'll like this. I made it in a 9" Bundt pan, and it came out beautifully. I'll be eating the leftovers for breakfast rather than dessert.
Slightly more complex and sweeter version of American (southern) spoonbread. I'm not a big fan of cherries so I used a compote of figs, pears and apples, with a little bit of lavender (also put lavender in batter). This is not a cake for everyone; out of six dinner guests only the two friends from Europe liked the dessert.
My cake didn't turn out either, but the cherry compote was nice over ice cream!
The cornmeal seperated from the mixture during the baking process. I never bothered to try the compote.This was very good, I added some spices of my own. My wife liked it very much. For those who could not keep the cornmeal on while cooking, I first coated the fish in baking powder, then egg, then cornmeal. Worked fine. I used olive oil to fry.
This was just fine. Not bad, but not great. I added extra paprika and red pepper, and I salted and peppered the fish right before cooking, but I had a hard time keeping the batter on the fish while it was cooking, and when it came out, the cornmeal thing didn't really seem worth it. I prefer floured whitefish to this cornmeal thing, but I think I'll borrow some of the spices into my recipe for sole.
this came out perfectly for fish tacos! added some freshly ground, toasted cumin seeds, spicy hungarian paprika, freshly ground coriander. used talapia fillets that were 1/2 to one inch thick. they may not have stood up on their own, but were excellent with salsa etc in tacos. i would add salt to the mix next time.
Very bland, easy enough, just no flavor to speak of.
This recipe was really easy and really delicious! I enjoyed the crunchy-ness of using the cornmeal instead of just flower. I added garlic and some other spices to the batter, which was helpful, i think. I used Catfish, and it turned out excellent, although i did have trouble keeping the corn meal mixture on the fish while cooking.
This is a great alternative to battered & deep fried fish. The paprika and pepper flakes should not be left out ... they give this recipe some depth and interest. This isn't a "WOW!" recipe, but is tasty and health-concious.
I agree with the Connecticut review. Not much taste, dry crust. Would not recommend it, would not make it again.
Did not care much for this recipe...not a lot of flavor, and definitely nothing special. I'd recommend making another dish if you want to impress someone with something
I make this w/o the egg, and it is a family favorite!
I did use the entire egg rather than just the yolk, but this is a light, easy, very tasty way to prepare any type of fish fillet.They certainly aren't fried, but a nice alternative. Omit salt as oysters are briny enough on their own. Also used a dash of Old Bay in addition to the cayenne and served with cole slaw rather than the mayo dip. Used parchment brushed with oil for easy clean-up.
Used my pampered chef pizza stone- nice crust /no mess. Subbed 1 T Old Bay for cayenne. Nice alternative to greasy fried oysters
Maybe I did something wrong, but this was like eating sawdust and it trashed my baking sheet as well.
Much easier to handle with children around than setting up a deep fryer. But I do tend to like the deep fried oystersd best. I guess it's the cajun in me coming out.I replaced the green pepper with an English cucumber. Also doubled the amount of dressing and put half in the couscous salad - dribbled the rest over the lamb and tomatoes. Our family loved this.
We used Israeli couscous, and thought this was an excellent use of left-over grilled leg of lamb. We're not crazy over currants and left them out. This is a keeper.
A change from the normal bubble and squeak with cold lamb. Would do a couscous salad again but probably omit the chickpeas (or the lamb). Do you really need lamb, chickpeas and cheese all in one meal?I used Red Quinoa instead of Couscous, and adjusted the cooking accordingly. Even though quinoa is also a 2:1 ratio, there was excess water for some reason. Aside from that it came out great and I will make it again. Only next time I'll add some spice to balance out the sweetness of the raisins.
Lufarah gives great instructions on how to make this dish (or any cous cous dish). For those who think the cous cous is plain this type of cous cous is meant to be eaten with a spicy meat/sauce over it. The contradicting spicyness with the sweetness of the raisens is awesome. This is one of my favorite north african dishes when it is done right.
i am married to a north african and let me just say...all instructions in couscous packages are lies! the right way to do it is a bit more complicated, - i am posting a super simplified version - but worthwhile; soak 1 cup couscous in 1 cup warm water. fluff with fork to get rid of clusters. then put on a couscoussiere (like a colander with smaller holes that fits perfectly on top of a deep pot)and steam couscous over stock or sauce for about 15 minutes. remove from heat, fluff again and steam for another 10 minutes. fluff again, this time adding a couple of tbsp sauce or stock to flavor couscous. steam another 5 minutes, drizzle with a wee bit of extra virgin olive oil and mix with whatever you like.
I have to agree with Punkcook and Winston Salem: it's dry and bland. I followed recipe exactly and it's totally blah, is there an ingredient missing, something with *flavor*?
This was great. I omitted the lemon zest and added a tablespoon of cumin seed which I dry-roasted in a pan on the stove and then ground. Served it with merguez. Yummy!
As an Israeli, I loved this couscous ! it is a bit different from how we do at home, but it is a great recipe. I used chilli oil instead of garlic oil and it came out slightly spicy - very nice. Next time I will add some orange zest (to increase the warmth of the dish), fried onion rings on top, and boiled egg grinded - just to get that middle eastern taste.
We followed the recipe exactly and felt it was dry and tasteless. My husband ate it, but he eats everything. I wouldn't waste my time on this again.
Wonderful vegetarian dish, with possibilities for many variations. I did not have all the ingredients and substitued white beans for chickpeas, Isreali pearl couscous for regular couscous and dried cranberries for the raisins. Needs salt and pepper. Still kept its "Mediterranean" taste.
I used pearl Israeli couscous. Delicious.
A bit dry. I would add some more liquid &/or chicken broth. I ended up using olive oil on the finished product. That helped.
Good base receipe modified as follows: used dried golden raisins and cherries added orange marmalade (gave it a nice sweet flavor otherwise too bland). omitted garbonzo's on this pass. Will make again with
We made this recipe without the garbanzos and decide it needed something either buttery or sweet/tart. So we added about 1 TBSP of Orange Marmelade. Also, we used Golden Raisin and Dried Cherry Mix. Very yummy.
I didn't follow the recipe exactly (no garlic oil), so this isn't a really fair review, but I thought this was only ok. I agree with the previous reviewer -- too many chickpeas! Also a little dry -- which the sauceless salmon recipe doesn't really help with. I said I wouldn't make it again, but I should revise that -- I'll make a variation of this recipe.
Absolutely loved the flavor combination! Did not add the garbanzo beans (not a favorite of mine). Served alongside green beans with pine nuts and basil and a beef tenderloin! Wonderful meal!
A little boring, could have cut the amount of chickpeas in half, (it was a bit too much). Went well with the salmon, but would not make it again.Just mades this, it was delicious, did a slight variation by adding a few chopped sundried tomatoes and it was perfection.
Fast, simple, but the taste of just sage gets a little dull after a few bites.Just OK. It was too bland after following the directions, so I added more brown sugar, salt and a generous helping of hot sauce. This helped somewhat but since I have had better bean dishes in the past, I am going to skip making this again.
This was just ok. I was disappointed with the flavor. I would probably make it again only to tweek it and because it is a quick recipe for beans.
This was okay. I was a little disappointed that I could not taste the coffee.
I've made this intermittently over the years and they are well received. Nice change for every now and again.
So yummy...even the baby liked it!
It's not a good idea to add the canned beans in the beginning and then cook them for 45 minutes. They will become very mushy with less flavour. It's much better to add them 5 minutes before finishing or to use dried beans, add these in the beginning and then cook for one and a half hour. Otherwise okay.
Had it with oven BBQ ribs and cole slaw and it went perfectly. Beans keep there texture.
This is one of my favorite bean recipes. I usually make it when we're having Santa Maria-style Tri Tip and garlic bread. The beans are a great accompaniment, and I've made them quite a few times. It is a great mix of flavors.I used fresh crab that I purchased at Costco in a 44o gram container and doubled the recipe. I used fresh Texas Toast bread crumbs that I made in the processor. The cakes were extremely crabby and not at all bready. Moist and delicious. I did reduce the amount of Old Bay, howeverI also did not add any salt and pepper.
I didnt' the reviews before making, and now am I ever surprised. We loved them! I used very fresh bread crumbs, added more crab than called for and everyone loved them.
These should be called Crap Cakes because they are awful. I even followed the Reviewer suggestions and used less breadcrumbs and more crab (14 oz.) They still came out way too bready and not tasty at all. Very disappointing.
I was so excited to make the recipe but so disappointed with the results!!. Too too many bvread crumbs and not enough meat. They were like hockey pucks!
These were delicious but I altered the recipe slightly - I used more crabmeat (12 oz) and fat free mayo instead of full fat. We loved them!
So many times I have ordered crab cakes in a restuarant and have been dissappointed. In this recipe you can actually enjoy the flavor of the crab! My dad even liked it and he is the pickiest eater ever.
Old Bay Seasoning is a MUST when making crab cakes especially if you are from Maryland, it's a Maryland Staple and hopefully you can get it on the internet or in your grocery store. Otherwise try the recipe for Crabcakes with Delmarva Spice on this site, that is close but not as good. And to make crab cakes with immitation meat is not heard of in MD. You should really try the real thing!
These were wonderful crab cakes! I made mine with imitation crab, and they had great flavor! They were easy, and I would make them again.
very, very, very dry. too many bread crumbs, and not enough crab. was pretty good--everyone ate it---but don't think i'd follow this recipe.
We all loved it. I used a little less bread crumbs and added some Gorgonzola cheese to hold it together and give it some zip! Try it.
it was the best ever!
What's in Old Bay seasoning?!?!?!?!?
Very dry and did not stay together. Too little crab and too many bread crumbs.
This recipe had a very good flavor. I made it for company, and everyone scarfed it up, but the cakes were dry and did not hold together. If I make it again, I will reduce the bread crumbs, and add another egg. Probably half the bread crumbs would be plenty.
Too much bread, not enough crab.I love fresh herbs, especially cilantro. I also love fennel. Seems like this recipe tried to combine too many flavours without adding any real zest. I did, however, like the heartiness and stick to your ribs aspect of the casserole. Try it with extra hot mango pickle!
This was OK-not great. The vegetables seemed to clash with the crab rather then compliment it.
Very tasty, and easy to make. Although their are a large number of ingredients, the flavors meld very well. The finished product sets up well, like a strata with crispy sheets of phyllo. We'll definitely be making this again.Excellent recipe- I agree on the blandness- I find that adding twice as much wasabi paste (try Pensky Spices for wasabi powder and make your own paste!) and used 1/8 teaspoon of sesame oil. Also, prepare ahead about an hour to 3 hours at most to serve in order to allow the "cocktail" sauce to really blend well with the crab- and use the HIGHEST QUALITY you can find! I made this for Christmas and my anniversary and still have everyone raving.
This was so much more bland than the ingredients would lead you to believe. I quadrupled everything, except the mayo, and it was still just marginal.I think this recipe is pretty good -- can't understand why others talk about adding heat (my guess is they didn't use the habanero as the recipe calls for). The one thing missing, I think, is cilantro. Chop up a handful and throw it into the crab mixture. The really cool thing about this recipe is the satisfying crunch the jicama lends to it. Great "ceviche," all in all!
I've made something similar to this and agree that it was a little bland. I suggest (a) adding a little cayenne to the crab mixture and (b) serving it on something more flavorful than a cucumber slice.
Tasty but not thrilling. This recipe makes a canape that looks lovely on a platter, but is not exciting to eat. Perhaps more garlic or jalapeno would help.Very tasty this, and I only used tinned lump meat and Hellman's. Almost made my own mayo, but then I saw the jar in the fridge and went for easy. Fresh meat would yield a less liquid crab/sauce, and a better presentation.
On finding this recipe reprinted in a local newspaper I thought I would check Epicurious to see if there were any comments. I was concerned to see the ambivalent (to say the least) response to this one but since I had already bought the ingredients I thought I would go ahead with caution and adjust seasoning if necessary. Things went from bad to worse when I discovered that I only had Fat Free mayo in the fridge (Ok for sandwiches but thats all). Maybe it was fate, but I whipped up a batch of homemade (using the "Joy of Cooking" main recipe) and it apparently made all the difference. The recipe was delicious! The crab perfectly accompanied by the bread (I used Challah). I recommend this recipe to you but stipulate that you should use only the best ingredients, that is, fresh crab and homemade mayo (try it, its really not that hard!)
The key to this recipe is to have fresh ,sweet crabmeat, preferably from the Chesapeake Bay, but it must not be frozen or canned. Don't bother making this without it. It will be tasteless and a tuna melt would be nicer!
The recipe sounded incredibly good when I read it but the taste was so disappointing that I scraped the crab meat from bread and saved for making crab cakes.
The second time, we placed baby romaine on top of the toast, thinly sliced tomato on the crab, then sprinkled parrmesan before broiling. Magnifico.
Very good, but many difficult to prepare it.
I don't think that a glorified tuna melt does justice to lump crabmeat. However, the flavor was nice.
It's only 4:00 a.m., but just from reading the description I want to make it now . . . . as the recipe reads, it soulds easy to follow. With quality ingredients and gentle care in preparation, I can hardly wait to try it.Dusappointing. I added celery and, in an attempt to bring up some flavor and authenticity, red pepper and parsley. This wasn't bad, it was just bland and a waste of crab.
I've had this recipe in my collection for 11 years and wish I had tried it before now. Delicious! I added a stalk of celery, chopped when I cooked the onions. Also, I seasoned it with Tabasco and Worcestershire sauce. It's quick and could easily be made ahead (except for adding the crab). It's definitely a keeper.
A winner with my family! I doubled the recipe, used 1 large green pepper + 1 hungarian wax pepper for a little kick, and the taste was terrific!Perfect light meal for this time of year with all the fresh produce available. Had to add a lovely bread and some nice cheese to round it out for my husband's appetite. Fair bit of chopping but worth it.so i adapted this to make grapefruit gelee. the thing i don't get about this recipe is the inclusion of whole cloves prior to blending the mixture. seeing as it's boiled for only fifteen minutes, this seems like the result would be cranberry-twig gelee. seems like a mistake.
The cranberry ones tasted like sliced ocean spray cranberry jelly rolled in sugar.
I made these last year and I am thinking about making them again these year. I was reading the reviews and was surprised by so many cooks having problems with this recipe. I did not have any problems with it. And I should say, my candies turned out beautiful and delicious. I just love these kind of candies so much!
The cranberry gelees turned out great, though I did have to cook them longer than expected. They were pretty and had a wonderful sweet-tart flavor. The tart apple gels were just a dud. They didn't set, and I ended up cooking them so long they turned a dark brownish green, rather like swamp water. The taste wasn't there either. I'd just stick with the cranberry ones!
I have never rated something so low. Mine ended up in the trash. I was going to give them as gifts but there is no way I could pass these on to anyone. My husband said the cranberry ones reminded him of a condiment, not candy and the apple ones were really weird. Might be good for a Sci fi themed party as space food. Way too much trouble for the results.
I made these for the holidays, and they were a fun change from the norm. For some reason the cranberry ones didn't set as well as the apple. I actually cooked the cranberry longer, though. Also, let them sit a bit at room temperature before rolling in sugar. Then make sure to store them at room temp and not in the fridge. This seemed to keep the sugar coating from melting.
I made both gelees and was a bit disappointed. I had the same problem with the sugar melting and leaving a slick on the bottom of my container. The flavor is good but the texture was not as jellied as I expected. I also ended up w/ alot of gelees w/ rounded edges since my glass dish is curved at the sides. They didn't look as good as the photo. boo. but the taste was pretty good. Fun to cook and I love trying something new.
I made the cranberry variation. It was hard to know when they were done and it took a long time to cook. I'm leaving them out to dry after coating with sugar. The flavor is good, like cranberry orange relish, but the color is very dark.
I only made the tart apple gelees, and they tasted terrific and looked fabulous, however, they were too moist and the sugar that I used to coat them quickly "melted" into syrup that coated the bottom of the container that I stored them in. Perhaps they need to be left out to dry overnight, once rolled in sugar?
I thought these would be great, but was a little bummed at how they turned out- I think I needed to cook them a bit longer. The taste was fantastic but couldn't easily be cut into squares.Yup, it was still leaden, and the flavor had not improved after resting all the components together. A wasted effort. And I double checked my baking powder.
This cake barely rose, and my baking powder is not outdated. I was able to slice the very dense and rubbery layers, though they were so thin they tended to break. The filling was good, but barely enough to cover each layer. The frosting did not whip up to a good volume, so it was barely enough to spread over the cake, though it was just enough to act as glue for the coconut, so on the outside it looks pretty. I'm taking it to a pot luck party tonight only because it has so many fairly expensive ingredients, but will warn everyone that it is leaden. The crumbs I tasted were not good, either. Will update this review after I (bravely) taste the complete cake tonight.
I've made this many times. I love it. The cake is dense and rich. I haven't had problems with it being dry. The seven minute frosting takes me back to my mother's favorite cake - which I always thought was too sweet. The sweetness of the frosting is nicely offset by the tart cranberry filling.
This cake is a Christmas tradition. We have dinner with friends every year -- great cooks -- and this finishes a dinner whose centerpiece is beef Wellington (and starts with single-malts). I have made it at least 5 times and it always comes out perfectly ... a wonderful combination of sweet and piquant, and a beautiful presentation with holly leaves & berries around the sides of the cake plate.
IF I EVA HAD TO MAKE THIS CAKE AGAIN I WOULDNT EVEN FEED IT TO MY DOG!!!! IT WAS GROSS
I won't make this cake again. It was too cumbersome and the icing tasted like mashmellows.
I made this for Thanksgiving, and it was delicious! The cake wasn't too dense (don't rush the mixing stage) and the filling was wonderful. Even people who don't like cranberries OR coconut enjoyed it. I only made a couple of modifications -- after reading the reviews saying that the cake layers were too thin to split, I baked it in two 8-inch pans instead of three. That worked out perfectly and made it very easy to split the layers and work with them. Also I didn't have time to make the frosting in the recipe, so I just made a butter frosting flavored with coconut extract.
This is a great cake!
MADE THIS CAKE FOR FIANCE'S FAMILY AND THEY LOVED IT!! THEY COULD NOT BELIEVE IT WAS THE VERY FIRST CAKE I HAD EVER MADE FROM SCRATCH. THEY FOUGHT ABOUT WHO WOULD GET TO TAKE THE REMAINDER HOME!
The picture in the magazine was so gorgeous I had to make it. What a disappointment! I made the cake part twice -- couldn't believe how dense and dry the cake was, and too thin to slice in half. The frosting didn't whip up the way it was supposed to either. In short, this recipe was terrible, and a huge waste of time and money.
I made this recipe for an Easter dinner party for 9. The layers were easy to make, but each layer was thin, too thin to split. I decided to keep the cake to 3 layers. Many of the people attending the dinner do not like cranberries, so I tried to make the filling using frozen raspberries. For some reason, the filling was too liquid, so I opted to use sliced strawberries on top of frosting between the layers. Again, for some reason unknown to me, the first batch of frosting I made was not sufficient to cover the entire cake. I made a second recipe of frosting and was able to apply it liberally. The finished cake with the coconut was very impressive. I placed the finished cake on a cake pedestal and decorated it with whole strawberries and mint leaves. There were no complaints! Though having to take extra steps to complete it and with still with the substitutions I made along the way, it was relatively easy to make. I would try again sometime just to see if the outcome would improve with practice.
Cake layers were dense but very rich due to high butter content. We had to substitute canned whole cranberry sauce, to which I added vanilla flavoring and triple sec, because we couldn't find fresh or frozen cranberries for valentine's day. The layers split very nicely--cake was enjoyed by everyone.
Made this cake for Christmas. It came out perfect , and got rave reviews. It was a bit richer than antisipated. My advise cut small portions. Cakes came out moist and were easy to slick into layers. The only adjustment was I added more filling from my own homemade cranbery sauce, so double that recipe.
1. Prepared & baked twice, both times layers were .075 to 1.25 inches high(to small to split) 2. Recipe barely 6-7 cups- - too littlle batter for 3-cups per pan!!! 3. When baked layer sliced- - -lots of air bubbles & dense. To short to split. Needed to bake six (6) separate layers to make cake!!!!!!!! 4. What is wrong with this recipe. I rate it as:1-Plastic Fork
Sorry, I can only give this cake one fork. I made it and the cake didn't rise. It came out pretty rubbery. I came up with 3 possiblities: 1) It was too humid today (I live in Hawaii), 2) my baking powder was too old, 3) there was a typo. Although the rest of the recipe was fine, I didn't really care for the frosting either. Even though it was half the height it should have been, it looked pretty cool with the fluffy frosting and coconut -- kind of like those "snowballs" we used to eat as kids!! I'm very curious to know what went wrong. My friends still tried it, although they didn't rave about it as usual.Made this without the shallot and added pineapple juice and raspberries. I served it over a ginger/maple chicken, and it was INCREDIBLE!!! A hit with my husband who doesn't even usually like cranberry sauce! A+++
Hate it or love it! Next time skip the shallot and reduce sugar to 1/2 cup. Try again, and again, until you will discover the complexity of this delight.
We loved it!! The molasses really complimented the brown bread stuffing.
This is a savory side and not at all sweet. I used dark instead of light molasses and it is wonderful when paired with a sharp cheddar.
Served on Thanksgiving this year - everyone loved it! Very easy to make; I made it 4 days in advance and it kept very well.
Light Molasses taste was overpowering. It sounded better than it tasted.
Served for Thanksgiving, still feeling sorry for all of the guest who choked it down.
This actually was very easy to make and tasted pretty good...then I added the molasses. Yuk! Must be an acquired NE taste thing. Maybe a little frozen orange juice concentrate might be a better addition. It is also too strong a flavor with the turkey and dressing featured with this recipe.
I agree with the other reviewers - this was horrible and landed in the garbage can. Cranberries cost $10 a bag here in Austria so the waste as well as the taste gave me a stomache ache.
I also made this, tasted it and tossed it in the garbage disposal. Yuck. Don't even consider this. Not sure how it got into the magazine!
Made it, tasted it and threw it away.This actually made about 4 so-so cupcakes for me. The frosting was drippier than expected and a less-than-desirable color. Of course, they were still tasty, but cupcakes are all about presentation
I love these cupcakes! These were delicious, light, and moist, not at all dry. Made them twice during thanksgiving weekend. Nice change from regular vanilla/chocolate cupcakes. Second time around i added walnuts which were a nice touch. I also sprinkled the cupcakes with chopped dried cranberries which made them look even better. Will definitely make again.
These cupcakes were very good and moist, not at all dry. The only thing I would change, is to add much more maple syrup to the cream cheese frosting. I got many compliments, even from the kids!
The cupcake was very dry. I think the taste of nutmeg was too strong. I was disappointed-I put them on my dessert buffet for Thanksgiving. No one seemed to like them.
I was a bit apprehensive about making this recipe as it reads as if an ingredient may be missing, but they turned out moist and delicious. Next time I will forego the nutmeg, as I am not a big fan. I might try adding walnuts next time as well.Is a bit messy to make. You could get the same effect with much less bother by adding fresh mint to commercial cranberry juice. The recipe didn't mention whether to strain out the mint leaves but the mint leaves are too messy to leave in.
I made this for a Christmas tea and the ladies RAVED about it. I thought everyone was just being polite, but they are having me make it again for our 2nd annual tea.
I was looking for a mint tea recipe (I had never made fresh tea and my spearmint plants were looking too good not to take a stab at it). I found this recipe and decided to give it a try. My kids weren't crazy about it, but my husband and I loved it.
Be careful it can make a mess. Remember to strain out mint leaves otherwise you have to sip through them. Strong mint flavour. Pour over ice to dilute.This was a great recipe!!! I added frozen blueberries that I had frozen fresh from the summer. I also used whole wheat and soy flours in place of the all purpose flour and really enjoyed these muffins!
I have young children, so I substituted white chocolate chips for the nuts. Otherwise, I followed the recipe exactly, and they were a huge hit. These will definitely become a muffin staple in our house.
These muffins are really nothing special. The texture is not right and they lack flavor even with the addition of dried cranberries. Epicurious needs to find a new receipe for cranberry muffins.
The muffins were bland and the texture was off. The batter was good but the finished product was unremarkable. Increasing the orange zest to a tablespoon did not help. There are far tastier and healthier muffins out there.
Actually, I quite enjoyed this recipe and would make it again. My only comment is that I found the muffins to be a little too heavy and would like to make them a little lighter. Otherwise, a very good muffin recipe.
YUCK!...and I followed the recipe exactly. The muffins were heavy without much flavor. Definitely would not make again.
These muffins were dry and heavy. I followed the recipe and just didn't like them. Won't make again
I've made these twice, (trying to use up some applesauce and dried cranberries) and they were a bigger hit with my health-conscious, low-fat-not-too-much sugar friends then with my own taste buds. They taste good, especially it seems if you fall into the former category.... but also if you're trying to use up that applesauce. I cheated and melted some butter into the muffin tins before baking. :)
I found these muffins dry and bland. One of the most disappointing muffin recipes that I have ever made.
What a great recipe! They had great texture, sweetness and tastiness! This will certainly be a frequently used recipe and you would never know these didn't use butter or oil.
I've made these twice now, with the following changes: fresh cranberries instead of dried (at least 2 cups' worth), non-fat sour cream + 1Tbsp oil, unsweetened apple sauce + a bit of extra sugar. They're turned out very nice, I thought them fairly light, with good texture. I'll be making them again, and using dried fruit when fresh is not available.
This is a wonderful recipe. I loved the use of dried cranberries instead of using the traditional fresh cranberries. I did however omit the walnuts due to food allergies, and the muffins still came out great. Definetly will use this recipe again, and again.
I used 1/4cup apple sauce and 2ozs. softened butter. No orange peel (I didn't have any). Although heavier than most muffins, the cake like texture was excellent. Eaten as is or with butter or jam they were very good indeed. A sure winner.
When I try this again I will decrease the cranberries and increase the walnuts. The muffins were quite heavy and filling. I would prefer them to be lighter - maybe it was something I did.
Excellent considering the low fat. I used low fat sour cream and soaked the cranberries in a little rum tossing them occasionally while I prepared the recipe. A big hit at my husbands office and with our friends.
the flavor was nice, but sort of a different texture.
Good recipe. However, I replaced half the apple sauce with butter.quick, easy and great taste. only minor modification: I almost doubled the amount of brown sugar.
I thought this was very good.
I wasn't looking for something *too* sweet, but I think this could be a little sweeter. I added some sugar to the water when I was simmering the cranberries, and next time I'll increase the sugar to 3/4 c., if not a full cup. All in all, it was quite good -- nice texture.
I really liked this bread, it wasn't too sweet, perfect for breakfast or break at work. I took it into the office, it was gone in about 30 minutes... Great with low-fat cream cheese!
I found this rather bland and then looked for a better cranberry bread recipe and found one right on this web site ... Cranberry Nut Bread, Gourmet October 1991. Now THAT one is a winner!
The bread was moist, tasty (I added some crystalized ginger the second time I made it). It is not too sweet. Great with a cup of tea or coffee. Have already made it twice and intend to again.
A very nice cranberry orange flavor - easy and moist.
I love cranberry bread for the contrast of the tart berries and the sweet bread. This bread isn't sweet at all. Its just blah. I even tried adding 3/4 cup of sugar and it still didn't taste right. I give up.I decided to make them like regular muffins and not upside down, which may have been the reason the muffins looked a little like a conehead? But otherwise that they tasted really good!
The favor was wonderful but the cooking time was much too long and when I took them out they were almost burnt and had to be thrown in the trash. Either cook at 350 or cook no more than 18-20 min. Took a long time to prepare.
hmmm, really average. i followed the reviewers instructions below this except for omitting the nutmeg and chopping the cranberries (i floured and added whole). i should have added orange zest but didn't have any. the muffins are edible but not special.
After reading the mixed reviews of this recipe and knowing I basically wanted a cranberry muffin, nothing fancy, I simply mixed all ingredients together. (no heating cranberries, melting sugar, putting them on the bottom, etc) I chopped the cranberries in the processor and folded them in at the end to avoid pink batter. The muffins turned out great, even had that nice sugary crust on top. I put them in muffins papers to avoid the whole stuck on thing.
Really disappointing! Was looking for a fresh cranberry muffin--this eliminates all the fresh plumpness from the berries. Plus the nutmeg was an odd taste addition, PLUS the cooking time was too long. Now what do I serve Xmas morning?!
Wow these are really great muffins. It was too easy, one thing I changed was added just a tiny bit of water when cooking the cranberries.
Uninspired! Overly sweet muffins smothered with what looked and tasted like CANNED cranberry sauce! Not worth the effort.
I love this recipe. Can't wait to use it again this holiday season. No probs with the recipe instructions. Great dish to bring to a gathering! Z
the cranberry part is too sweet, and the muffin part is quite bland.
I thought this was the worst recipe I have ever tried! The cranberries stuck to the bottom of the muffin tin despite thorough greasing. I would not recommend this recipe to anyone! It was way too time consuming to boot!
I followed the other reviewers' advice . . . I stirred the butter into the warm cranberry mixture, added about 1/2 cranberries to flour mixture, filled the muffin cups about 2/3 full, added a layer of leftwover cranberries to muffin cups, then topped with remaining batter. The muffins were moist and delicious! No sticking to the muffin tin.
The recipe was good, although I added some orange zest to the batter, put the cranberries in the middle, and added some quick struesel...It got raves and no sticking. :)
I think this a great recipe and I've never had any trouble with it at all. It is a perfectly delightful fall treat and always receives rave reveiws from friends. I have made these muffins every year during the season ever since you printed the recipe years ago.
I liked this recipe and have also recieved rave reviews from friends. I loved the mixed textures and the tangy zip of the cranberries. My muffins did stick, but this recipe is enjoyable mixed as previous cooks suggested.
Awful recipe. Rated lower than a 1 fork.
I found the muffin part of this recipe very good, nice crumbly texture. I also had the cranberries stuck in the muffin pan. Next time I'll mix the berries in. Thanks Lauren for the feedback!
The first time I made this, the cranberries stuck to the bottom of the muffin pan. The second time, I mixed the cranberries in the batter instead of "upside-downing" them. Much better! They were less messy and had a more even flavor.
I used buttermilk ( a little more than 1 cup) and found these delicious. I have made them several times and they have always turned out well. The only problem I have is not eating the whole dozen by myself!!
I love cranberries but hated this recipe. The muffin texture was dry and the cranberries were way to sweet. I would suggest less sugar, but there are so many better recipes I won't bother to fix this one.
I'm a cranberry fan and loved this recipe. Others were not wild about it. There is a lot of cranberry flavor for those who really like cranberry. I had to add 1/4 cup of water to the sugar and cranberry mix on the stove. I just couldn't get enough juice out of my carnberries to bring it to a boil.
Very poopular all around. My daughter said "A+ and a half"Family and guests loved this dressing which I served on salad made of leaf lettuce fresh from the garden, thinly sliced red onion and radishes. I do not agree with previous reviewers that the vinaigrette is oily. I followed the recipe exactly. It emulsified and came out beautifully, with a nice balance of flavors. Its a keeper.
I thought this would have a more pronounced flavor, it's really very mild. I used grapeseed oil instead of veg. oil. I headed the last reviewers advise and used only about a 1/4 of a cup and it was plenty. I think any more oil and you wouldn't be able to taste anything but oil.
I found this recipe too oily. I will try it again but with substantially less oil.it was a little dry when i frist made these biscuits, but the second time around, i added some shredded cheddar to the mix and it tasted great! also, its very easy to over work this recipe.
Soft and tender, full of flavor. A classic.
These were just okay biscuits. True- with a name like that these biscuits should be better. The flavor was nice only because of the roasted bacon and onions but it seemed a little dry.
Not bad. The key to the light biscuits is not to overwork the dough at all! These were crumbly and light, but the flavor seemed a little lacking.
The name of these biscuits sounds far more impressive than the end result. The biscuits have a nice flavor thanks to the bacon and roasted onions; however, they fail to rise or brown. The end result is a flat, doughy, pale biscuit. I would not reccommend this recipe.I read the review from "A Cook from Middletown, NJ" and what she wrote was PERFECT. I would NEVER make these again.
I am an experienced cookie baker and I love to bake so when I read this recipe, my first reaction to the proportion of flour to butter and cream cheese was that there had to be a misprint. None the less, I decided to give this recipe a try since in an interview on NPR, I heard Ruth Reichl say these were one of her favorite holiday cookies. Unfortunately, my instincts were right. The dough turned out to be very frustrating to work with - it is sooo soft and sticky. It has to be handled very quickly once it comes out of the refrigerator and with tons of extra flour. Plan on working in very small batches without any interruptions or the dough will become impossible. Definitely not a recipe that you want your children to help you with. The end result was disappointing. I don't feel the taste of the cookie justified the misery of making them. There are better recipes out there that won't make you want to throw the dough in the garbage in a frustrated rage.
The end result was a delicious, moist cookie. The dough was very sticky so I added about 1/4 cup additional flour.
The stickiness made these a little tough to work with but everyone loved the results.
Yummy, but the dough was really sticky and hard to work with. Roll the dough while it's still very cold. I needed to use a lot of flour to roll out. I'll probably try adding a bit more flour to the recipe next time.
Terrific and easy!I had no "crumbling" problem with the dough; maybe I got lucky. DEFINITELY bake these on a silicone sheet! They leak and ooze sugar and chocolate like crazy. They are very yummy: I made the variation another person suggested using cherry preserves and mini chocolate chips.
The dough was a little too crumbly, so I added a little water as if I were making a pie crust and then chilled it. I used cherry jam, mini chocolate chips and coconut to do a 'Black Forest' cookie- they turned our yummy!
Do not bother dirtying up your food processor for these cookies. They are not very good. The dough is difficult and the final result was ugly and completely mediocre tasting.
Delicious! I found it very easy. I did as they suggested and put the dough in the freezer for 15 min.. Must flour your rolling surface very well and keep moving the dough as you roll it out to make sure it stays free of the rolling surface or you 'll have to add more flour. I cut them 3/4 of an inch, a little smaller, and only baked them 22 min. Also lots of butter on the cookie sheet or they'll stick.
I made these cookies to enjoy while my husband and I decorated our Christmas Tree. They were very easy and delicious. However, the dough must be very cold before you attempt to cut them or else they do tend to fall apart. The dough would also be great filled with chocolate, raspberry preserves, almost anything. I would make them again.
This was one of the worst recipes I've tried. The dough was way too sticky, and the roll fell apart when I tried to cut it. I'm never making it again.
Make and prepare to be delighted!!This went over very well at Thanksgiving. A nice bridge between green bean casserole and creamed spinach. The kale held up well and wasn't as clumpy or slimy as spinach. The shallots were also really good. I will certainly be making this again.
I like both kale and creamed spinach, so I decided to give this a test drive before Thanksgiving. The flavor of the kale was completely lost. The other two "testers" in the family agreed that the kale I had made the night before was much better - sliced in thick ribbons, sauteed with garlic and anchovies, cooked with some chicken stock, s&p, and then finished with a splash of balsamic vinegar.
This looked pretty good so I thought I would give it a test drive last night for a potential Thanksgiving dish. It was good, but not anything great or all that exciting so not sure I would bother making it again. It probably tasted a little better with the kale than if it had spinach, but it was not worth the extra work to use it just to end up with something that really tasted a whole lot like spinach. I actually like the flavor of kale and think it was kind of lost in this dish....I added 4 cloves of garlic and sauted with onion. Baked whole recipe in large cassarole for about 90 mins. It really helped the flavor.
I usually like spinach but this dish was not very good!
I wish I could give this zero forks. The WORST recipe I have ever made from this site.
This made a big hit at our Xmas party!!Added pimento for a little red color. Thanks to the Kerr family for sharing from another Kerr family!!! Judy Kerr
This dish tasted more like a dip..Didn't like it that much, tasted too oniony (and I reduced the amount of onion called for in the recipe). Needs something, but can't quite pinpoint it..Definitely better spinach dishes out there!
I made this last year for Thanksgiving and am looking up the recipe again to make for this year. Those of us who like spinach thought that this was very good. The only change that I made was to saute the onions before adding to the spinach mixture.
I thought this was a great Thanksgiving side-dish and it will probably show up on the holiday table every year now. Even my step-daughter, a rather picky eater, has been asking for "that cheesey spinach stuff"!
I am surprised by all the bad reviews. I made this for Thanksgiving for an ex-pat group in Sweden and was asked for the recipe several times over. I halved the whole recipe except for the cheese and added extra nutmeg and pepper. I also cooked it longer than suggested - about an extra 20 minutes.
An unfortunate waste of ingredients, based on the amount I threw away after Thanksgiving. Too dry, too bland and too much raw onion for my taste.
Boy, I wish I would of checked the reviews before making this dish for Thanksgiving. What a disappointment! I am glad I cut the recipe in half since I ended up throwing away 90% of it. It wasn't creamy at all, it was dry and tastless and I love spinach. Oh well, you win some and you lose some, this was a definite lose.
I halved the recipe and it came out quite tasty. My only problem was that it had to cook 50 minutes instead of 30 in order to set and then 10 minutes cooling time was required before it was ready to eat. My boyfriend loved it, but was a bit miffed that dinner was late.
Disappointing. Didn't care for addition of sour cream.
No Good. Too dry. Didn't like it. Waste of time & money.
Glad I didn't read these reviews before making this. I didn't find it as bland as others seemed to. But I did change recipe somewhat. Added more spinach and 1/2 the amount of sour cream. Also used low-fat milk and only 1 cup instead of 2.
This recipe is a terrible waste of time and spinach. It was incredibly bland, and the cooking time is way off. I didn't think you could mess up spinach this badly
I made this for Thanksgiving exactly to the recipe and it was dry. No one ate it!
This was just okay, and not a hit at all over Thanksgiving. It was bland and the texture was not creamy at all! The raw onion flavor was a bit overpowering, as well.
I added an extra cup of cheese, more seasoning to taste,and doubled the breadcrumbs. It was very bland and watery out of the oven and recieved poor reviews.However the next day as leftovers it was microwaved and the same people loved it .This dish is better made the night before, cooked, refridgerated and re-heated the next day. Based on those changes I would definetly make it again.
I definitely agree with some of the cooks that sauteing the onions first is better. And I also used 1 cup cream and 1 cup of milk. Makes it more creamier and less oniony tasting.
This recipe was only okay. I love spinach, so I could eat the entire thing by myself, but it didn't seem to be a big hit at Thanksgiving dinner. I sauted the onions first, which I'd recommend, used a little extra cheese, and substituted skim milk for the whole milk. I probably won't be making it again, as my fiance won't eat it.
So far I have made this twice, both times using fresh spinach boiled for 30 seconds, and using cream where the recipe calls for "whole milk" with a slightly generous hand. I used half an egg for two-ish servings so if I were really cooking this for eighteen people I'd up the egg count for a lighter more fluffy texture!
This recipe was great. The one thing I would do differently is saute the onions before mixing into the spinach. I thought the onions were too crunchy after it was cooked.
Used steamed fresh spinach and halved recipe. It was fabulous. I don't even like spinach.
This was a hit at our Thanksgiving dinner. I forgot to include the eggs and it was still good! I would add a little more sour cream it tends to dry out slightly after baking (maybe it's because I forgot the eggs :)
Simply fabulous! I can't say enough about this recipe, except that even my kids loved it. I halved it and used regular cheddar and it was more than flavorful. And because it can be made in advance (always looking for a little help that way) I will definitely be making it again and again.
I made this last weekend and thought it was really good. It needs all the sour cream because I ran short and it was a little dry which was my fault. I think some whipping cream would have been good in it, too. Good flavor--my husband love it1
To the writer from NJ: Good grief lady, you don't follow the recipe and then you complain that it wasn't that great! Anyone who would substitute low fat sour cream for regular shouldn't be allowed in a kitchen anyway.
I did a test drive on this recipe because I thought it sounded good for T-giving, but I think I will try it again with some adjustments, because it wasn't that great. First of all, don't skimp on the sour crea,, I used low-fat and it wasn't as good. I'll use the real thing next time. Also, I would recommend using a lot more cheddar cheese than called for, and make it extra sharp as the recipe says. I used just Sharp, and it didn't come through well enough. The breadcrumbs were not bad. I quartered this recipe, and maybe in the translation, it just didn't work out as well, 18 servings is a lot!It should be called "cold fudge" - yuck. And to the cook who provided the Martha Stewart link below - thanks!!!
I hate to do this, but go to www.marthastewart.com, search on fudge in their recipes section. The first fudge recipe (without nuts) is EXCELLENT. Worked the 1st time. And I beat the fudge by hand in the pan before pouring into the baking pan to set. You can use Baker's choc and it comes out fine.
Perfect! Creamy & delicious!! Modifications: I let fudge cool for 45 min vs. 30 min recommendation. I also used more brown sugar vs. white. Worked great for me!! Recommend with 5*****'s!!
I followed the directions and ended up with sugar crystals the size of Van Nuys. I think the fudge needs to cool to 110-115 degrees before beating to avoid crystalization.
I love it!
An incredibly tasty fudge! I've never had a problem with consistency as long as it's chilled.
This simply did not work out - even served chilled. I can not think of any substitutions since it just didn't turn out.
This recipe was a disaster. After several attempts and about $30 worth of ingredients I gave up. There appears to be a problem here.It was just awful. The flour/cornstarch overwhelmed the sauce and the tarragon was a terrible idea.
After reading some reviews, agreed that it needed tweaking. I sauteed the chicken with garlic, olive oil and added white wine and chicken stock to finish. Changed the sauce completely by using the sautee juices, cream of mushroom and mozzarella cheese. Used egg noodles instead of fettucini and fresh spinach instead of frozen. Combined everything in a big sauce pan and cooked it on low for a bit before putting it in casserole dish. Added fresh garlic and more mozz on top of casserole before cooking. It came out great!
This is actually great IF you tweak a few things. I read the reviews beforehand, so I knew to change a lot. - Used oregano, thyme, rosemary and a liberal amt of pepper to flavor the sauce instead of the nutmeg. - Used marsala wine instead of white wine just because I didn't have white. I'm sure both are great. - Used penne instead of fettucine, which I like more for casseroles - Added about a Tbsp of butter to the sauce after adding the spinach and chicken After all of those alterations, it was great!
This was probably the worst dinner that I have ever made. Had I read the reviews before I started making it, I would have moved onto another recipe. But I made it without reading the reviews and I have to agree with what everyone else said. It was bland and tasteless, and a waste of time and good ingredients. The only positive was the laughs we got about how bad it really was.
i also tweaked the recipe since all these reviews were letting us know how bland it was. for starters, i bought a costco rotisserie chicken and used that. i also used flavored bread crumbs and added butter to the topping. added way more salt and a little of white wine to the sauce. added a whole other dimension. got positive feedback from guests.
A little bland and floury. I like boiling the chicken with the garlic and bay leaves though -- a good idea.
This was very bland probably because it does not have any butter!
I didn't like it
I agree with lots of comments but I made it before reading them. Browned panko crumbs. used porcinis fired in butter and fresh baby spinach. More garlic and one pan to wilt fresh spinach, then the mushrooms in butter and olive oil and then sauce. Used fresh pasta and spices as per recipe. A nice wine pinot gris and mixed all together and cooked per recipe. Light, savory and great with a pinot gris. would make again but probably add shallots and maybe leeks.
After reading the low ratings, I also tweaked it. I cubed the chicken and sauteed it in butter and olive oil with seasalt and fresh ground pepper. I added a shallot and 2 cloves of garlic. It's Sept. and I have a ton of super ripe heirloom tomatoes. I then added 1/2 tsp of fresh rosemary, 1/2 tsp fresh oregano and about the same in fresh basil. I used penne, not only because it's all I had but I thought the tubular pasta would let the gravy flow. Instead of milk I added fresh mozarella over the pasta and gravy. I used panko instead of fresh breadcrumbs only out of convenience. So I rated it 3 forks, because I'm a good cook that had to totally re-arrange this recipe!
Has way too much of a flour undertone and doesn't taste creamy even though the texture is creamy
I substituted Thyme for the Tarragon, added 2 green onions and used Bok Choi instead of Spinach. Tasted very good with teft over rotisserie Chicken.
Yes, bland. A real cream sauce made with butter (vs. cornstarch) may save this recipe.
At first glance of the title I thought it sounded like it would be good. Spinach, mushrooms. I had some handmade fettucini I used in it. I used a good Sherry instead of wine and even it didn't help it much. When my neighbors sid it wasn't my best wrok...OUCH! Sadly, I knew it. I wish I hadn't wasted my good pasta and sherry on such a dish. Live and learn huh?
This recipe was incredibly bland and the little flavour it did have was not suited to the ingredients. This certainly wasn't a simple casserole. It wasted ingredients and time as far as I am concerned. I would not even think about it!
It wasn't very flavorful.
I took this recipe on as a challange because even before reading the reviews I could see a few changes that needed to be made. I diced the chicken and sauteed it, removed it from the pan, and sauteed the garlic, 1/2 onion, 8 oz sliced mushrooms, 1/2 red pepper. Added 10 oz spinach to wilt and then removed the veggies from the pan. Added 1 cup chicken stock to the pan to absorb the flavors and reserved. I then made a roux of butter and flour in a saucepan, added the milk very slowly to make a sauce, Added the reserved chicken liquid, S&P, thyme, parsley, nutmeg and stirred over med heat until it boiled. I then stirred in the diced chicken and vegetables. I added this all to the cooked fettucine and transfered to the buttered baking dish. I sprinkled the parmesan and fresh made bread crumbs on top and baked about 20 minutes. I tried this recipe first for my fiance (my favorite guinea pig!) and we thought it was pretty good. So I made it for two clients. One said it was good but not the best dish and the other client also gave it mediocre reviews. So I would have to say even with improvements this dish is ok/good but definetly wont be in my personal chef repertoire.
Incredibly bland. Took a lot of time too. a waste of ingredients.
This dish was very bland, and the tarragon is strange, especially if you are not used to it. It is overpowering in this recipe. The spinach fettucine doesn't help, and I couldn't think of a way to make this work.
After reading such a plethora of negative reviews, I was reluctant to try this recipe. But I knew, with some tweaking and a revised cooking method, that these ingredients would result in a tasty dish...and I certainly wasn't disappointed! Instead of poaching the chicken, sprinkle with salt/pepper and quickly saute/brown in a little butter. Remove chicken from pan and shred coarsely. To the same pan, add 1/2 of a large minced onion and saute a few minutes, then add 4 cloves minced garlic and sliced mushrooms and cook until mushroms are softened but liquid has not evaporated. Gently toss mushroom mixture with chicken. To this mixture stir in sliced fresh spinach - frozen spinach is so slimy and unappetizing! Deglaze the pan with white wine, then add 1 cup chicken stock and simmer until liquid is reduced to about 3/4 cup and set aside. Use whole milk to make the sauce, omit the cornstarch and add plenty of fresh ground pepper. Instead of tarragon (it is not my favourite herb) add fresh or dried thyme and do not omit the nutmeg -so very good with mushrooms. Stir the reserved chicken stock/wine mixture into the sauce and heat to bubbling and cook until nicely thickened. Add sauce to chicken/mushroom/spinach mixture, then gently mix in cooked pasta. If a little dry, stir in additional milk or chicken stock to desired consistency. Transfer mixture to buttered baking dish. Brown breadcrumbs, stir in parmesan and sprinkle evenly over top. Bake as directed, remove from oven and immediately sprinkle with more grated parmesan. Then sit back and enjoy a very flavourful casserole! Cheers!
It was very bland and tasteless!
I will start off.... 2 1/2 to 3 forks. It was very good and I will make it again. I caution.. it is a dish that requires Impeccablelly fresh ingredients. Old or stale Tarraggon is revolting. Make sure yours is fresh (I suggest mail order, unless you live in an area where the grocery stores have rapid turnoverer or you have the luxury of small purveyours of fresh ingredients.. ie the Costco 1 lb jar of taraggon won't make it in this recipe) I made the recipe verbatim except I cut it exactly in half and used the fresh equivalent of the frozen spinach. I buy my tarragon in small batches from Penzeys and store it in my freezer, I buy and use fresh organic garlic, and I use inexpensive, but quality wine in my cooking. I buy nutmegs whole and have a small grinder when I need nutmeg. I also cooked the sauce for some time .. I whisked the the first quanity of milk with the flour and cornstarch and cooked over low heat for a good 15 minutes.. I added the rest of the milk and tarragon and cookded for anothe 10 minutes and then added the wine and cooked for another 10 minutes... only then did I get a sauce that both tasted good and looked about the right consistency. The final touch is the Parmesan. The stuff that comes in the green cardboard container is not parmesan.. I am not sure what it is ... but it is not parmesan cheese. Find a good cheese shop and buy a pound... a pound of acceptable Italian parmesan will set you back 14 bucks or more a pound.. but it is sufficiently pungent that it will last you some time.. 1 Tbsp goes a long way. This was yummy if time consuming dish.
This wasn't bad, but it was a bit bland. Needed lots of S&P. I sauteed the mushrooms before adding them. It seemed strange to me to just throw them in raw. After reading the reviews I was afraid to make it, but the ingredients made me think it might still be good. I took a chance. Probably won't do it again.
Good flavors, fairly easy to make. Nice variation form the usual.
This is truly one of the great recipes I have ever made and tasted -- the kind of dish you want to keep secret so you can unleash it at a dinner party and impress guests. The spinach and mushroom are a classic combination, rendered here all the more textured by the unique presence of tarragon and white wine. My wife had six (6) servings, and our child, who almost never takes to spinach, had 3. A rock-solid, can't miss and profoundly tasty recipe.
Scary reviews -- I definitely won't be making this bomb!
Call me crazy, but I really like this dish. I do love spinach fettuccine. I didn't really change anything other than using a little extra parmesan. My only complaint is that it is a little time consuming for an every day dish.
This was awful. the raw flour taste ruined it. And spinach pasta - yuck..it also LOOKS unappetizing. A real dud.
I was very dissappointed. I almost threw it out. The tarragon gave it a odd taste and it needed cream or something. One of the worst recipes I have ever made.
I found this to be a very bland meal and my sons would not eat it. I ended up throwing it out and ordering a pizza.
This recipe was ok.I think i helped it more by cooking the chicken in broth and lawry's seasoning salt.I added more fresh crushed garlic and that gave it some kick.However i used frozen spinich(i dont usually use frozen but they ran out of fresh at the supermarket-i know weird !!) Yech..for the lack of a better term.The frozen did not help at all.i know the fresh would give this dish a better flavor.
This is a low fat winner. Although the flavors are subtle and well-balanced, it seemed a bit too bland. Addition of shallots or beefing up the spices might help.
I followed the recipe to a T, and my husband and I both were extremely disappointed.
A labour-intensive dish, but worth the effort. A few changes are necessary to enhance flavours: extra garlic, sprinkle of hot peppers on top before baking, mixing parm cheese with breadcrumbs BEFORE baking, and I would make the roux without cornstarch as it was hard to get it smooth. The tarragon was lovely and shouldn't be omitted. I also used some sour cream when combining all ingredients before baking and served a big scoop of it on the side as garnish, which was a hit. (No dish should ever go ungarnished!) Shallots would have been a nice addition. I added brocolli and onions sauted first and FRESH SPINACH was perfect in this dish -I would make it again, but would allow more time ~ my guests loved it!
Although I'm not a big fan of casseroles, I thought this was a wonderful dish - very savory. I used some lite butter in the sauce, and took the hint to to cook the chicken in broth and use the leftover broth for the sauce. too. My parents loved it - it was a very hearty and satisfying dish after a long day.
Made this first when it appeared in the magazine... I like it a lot, the flavors are subtle but it it very good. I follow the recipe, maybe just a little xtra garlic.
I have been preparing this recipe since 1998. It has had great accolades since the first time I made it. I just served it at a high school soccer party and the girls and parents loved it. Unfortunately no leftovers. Perhaps the bad reviews come from people who didn't follow the recipe or are used to high fat foods.
I chose to make this dish for my parents, who are on a low-fat, salt-restricted diet. Even my dad, who's not picky when it comes to food, just pushed it around on his plate. Sensing disaster before I stuck it in the oven, I added sauteed onions and cayenne pepper, but to no avail. It was tasteless and beyond bland, and the leftovers will never see the light of day. I don't know what could improve this dish, and in fact, I don't think anything can. Two thumbs down.
I decided to make this recipe despite the poor reviews because I had all of the ingredients on hand. Here's what I did differently: * Poach the chicken in store-bought chicken stock. * Saute the mushrooms with 1/2 an onion in a little butter. I added the spinach (fresh; about 1/2 bag) at the end so it would wilt slightly. * White sauce: melt 2-3 Tbs butter over low heat; wisk in 2-3 Tbs flour and heat about 4-5 minutes. Stir in 1 c. milk and cook slowly 10 minutes. Then add remaining 1 c. milk (I used 1/2 c. cream and 1/2 c. milk), tarragon, salt, nutmeg, and reserved 1 c. chicken stock. When it boils, add wine. * I used regular fettuccine instead of spinach, cause that's what I had.
This looked so good when putting it into the pan to bake but it did not have a pleasing flavor. The taste of the thawed frozen spinach was prominent. We did not care for this dish.
Gack. The "white sauce" made with lots of flour and cornstarch had a paste-like consistency (and flavor). The standby casserole recipes with a can of Campbell's soup are tons better than this. I'm sorry I didn't read the other reviews before making this.
Bland, bland, bland.
Didn't care for this one. I didn't mind the prep time, but the outcome was kind a thick, heavy dish which was not very pretty or tasty - certainly not one I'd serve guests.
Tried this recipe with some trepidation because of the previous comments. But with the help of the constructive comments about boosting flavor, produced a tasty cassarole. First I poached the chicken breasts in homemade chicken broth. Then for the cream sauce I made a roux with chicken fat and the indicated thickeners. For the liquid I used 1 1/2 cups chicken broth and 1 1/2 cups half and half. Didn't shred the chicken, but cut it in bite-sized pieces. The result was a savory dish where you could taste the individual ingredients wrapped in a flavorful sauce. My remaining question is why would you sprinkle on the parmesan after the 10-minute cooling off period? It just sits there.
This recipe has great flavor, but takes a while to make. I would suggest making the sauce a day before and refridgerating it. Other than that, I thought it was great!
I love this recipe! Contrary to all of the negative reviews on the site, I've had great success with this dish. The terragon is unsual, but it gives a great flavor. I have served this to numerous groups and everyone has enjoyed it! I usually use 2 lbs of chicken. It is time intensive, but worth it.
I was totally disappointed with the results of this recipe. For some reason, I forgot to check the reviews prior to making it. If only I would have done so, I wouldn't have wasted my time and good ingredients.
So many negative comments. We did not find this a bad dish at all; it wasn't spectacular, but it was tasty.
If you're looking for a quick, but good chicken casserole recipe try this: 1 large can of chunky chicken (like Starkist) 1 6 1/2 oz. can cream of chicken soup-low fat, medium size egg noodles, shredded sharp cheddar cheese, tarragon & parlsey, salt to taste, homemade breadcrumbs and butter. Mix chicken in a large mixing bowl (do not drain chicken)-breaking the chicken into smaller pieces with a spoon, add the cream of chicken soup, plus 1/2 can of water, mix in 1 1/2 cups of the cheddar cheese. Boil 3 cups of the noodles and pour into mixing bowl. Add tarragon or any other spices to taste, I even add a shot of tabasco sauce too. Pour everything into a casserole dish, top with breadcrumbs and dot the top with butter. Bake at 400 or until golden on top and bubbling.
I have tried many recipes from this site. All have been very good........but this........just awful. Too much spinach, too time consuming. Have made other variations of this and had wonderful luck. Yuck on this one!
Disappointed with the result. Very bland and not worth the time and effort. Most frozen meals taste better than this.
The end result was very disappointing. In my opinion, it was a shameful waste of wonderful chicken, mushrooms and fettucini. There are, indeed, many similar recipes that would provide a more pleasing meal. Eliminate the bay leaf and nutmeg, saute the chicken in the wine or, preferably, sherry with roasted garlic and a dash of tarragon instead of poaching are a couple of thoughts to help add more flavor to this dish. Next time, I'll read the reviews and recommendations first. Sounds like many of us are of the same opinion.
Per suggestions I omitted the tarragon, added more onion, garlic, bay leaves and I've used evaporated milk for a creamier sauce. I have made this dish several times each time trying something different. I've omitted the wine and used different vegetables such as brocoli bits and zucchini. We've loved it everytime and what's even better, our 2-year-old will eat it with us.
Original version very...odd. Recommended changes would inlude heavy cream for the lowfat milk, omit bay leaf and nutmeg - this confuses the flavors, and sauteeing the chicken in olive oil and white wine rather than poaching. These changes make for a very rich and unique taste!!
This looked so good on paper. But the result was so bad we had to eat frozen food instead. All we could taste was tarragon and way too much of that.
If you choose to make this (there are far better similar recipes out there) you must really doctor this up. I added a lot of sour creme, garlic and onion, as well as a huge dose of parmesan cheese. After all that it tastes OK, but still inferior. Look further for a different recipe.
This dish was a huge disappointment. I took many of my favourite ingredients and turned them into an tasteless jumbled disaster. The only thing I could taste was the nutmeg which I believe should not have been included to begin with. I will never ever make this again!
I made this for a group of 50 and assembled the casserole a day early. I thought the following changes were helpful (some based on previous suggestions): - Add a healthy amt. of parmesan and sauteed shallots and garlic to the sauce. - Make the white sauce in the traditional way, beginning with a roux (The method in these directions caused serious clumping, perhaps because of the large quantities involved.) - If you're going to assemble and refrigerate overnight, I recommend making extra sauce to stir in before baking.
For lack of a sophisticated word....ICK!!! My family was in the mood for a good casserole and this one didn't do the trick. It was very very DRY and without flavor. I followed the recipe using some of the modifications of other cooks. The preparation of this dish dirtied way too many dishes for the product all of the work produced!
I did not like this dish at all. It sounded and looked very good, but I thought it was very bland and tasteless. I would not make this again.
Even the children enjoyed this. Will definitely make again, but would use more garlic and probably some onion.
Made this as one of two pasta entrees for friends. I made it ahead and froze it, then baked it 2 days after making - that worked well. Everyone agreed that the tarragon made it taste unusual, and if I make it again I will use a different blend of herbs, and also add parmesan to the sauce as well as sprinkling on top. We actually enjoyed the leftovers reheated more that we enjoyed it at the meal - maybe it just needed more time for flavors to blend.
This is the kind of food my mother made when I was a kid-except hers was pretty bland. I really like the addition of wine and nutmeg in the sauce. And I really love the spinach. I'm sure to make this again since it freezes pretty well and it makes good leftovers when I have to work late.
The blandness comes from using milk instead of heavy cream. For those not health conscious, try cream.Adding another bay leaf also helps.
Next time I make this dish I'll add and extra cup of chicken broth to the cooking liquid. I found that 1 cup of liquid wasn't enough (dish came out a little dry).
I found this recipe to be nice comfort-type food, and quite healthful. However, on repeated tastings during preparation, I found it rather bland, so I added about a teaspoon of garlic powder and some red pepper flakes. In the future I might saute some onions and add that to the mix...something to jazz it up a little. Or maybe that's the point, the blandness? Well, I gotta have spice.Leave out: lemon, red pepper. Add: peas and chicken to vegetables after the flour and milk. Put rice in bottom of greased casserole. Pour chicken mixture over top of the rice. Cook uncovered for 30-40 minutes. Yum.
After reading the reviews I decided to modify the recipe a bit. I used hot Madras curry (2 tbsp instead of 2 tsp), red onion instead of yellow or white, and only used 1 cup of milk (2%) and ╜ cup Chicken broth. I also cooked the carrots with the onions and added 1 tsp cumin and 1 tsp cayenne pepper with the curry powder. Additionally I chopped up fresh ginger (approximately 2 tbsp) and 3 or 4 cloves of garlic, crushed. Lots of flavor, not too soupy and definitely a hit.
We liked this recipe for a family dinner. I forgot the lemon juice and I do not think it detracted. We sprinkled with Romano cheese which made a big difference. Will add Parmesan cheese on top from now on when baking.
Its never a good feeling when you are pouring casserole contents into the dish and you're thinking, "ugh, this doesn't smell or look good...". Needless to say, I was right- this was NOT good. As many other reviewers stated this has more of a soup-like consistency than a "creamy" consistency. The taste is off as well. I'm not sure if its the curry or what, but something is definitely off (and I'm a gal who loves her curry). Take a hint from the majority of reviews and skip this one- its not worth it!
Not to be repeated at this house. Basically the dish was one giant blob of rice, chicken, peas and carrots. No texture, spicy but uninteresting flavor. Perhaps it might have been redeemed by serving chicken and sauce over noodles instead. Face it, curry can't be done well in a casserole of leftovers.
Easy recipe and versatile to adapt to your liking. I followed 'A cook from Hoboken's' spice mix and the dish had a lot of flavor. I used brown rice, olive oil and rice milk instead of regular milk. That gave the dish a hint of sweetness which really complimented the curry. I also sauteed the red pepper and carrots for a bit before adding the flour/milk. The carrots had a perfect bite after baking and the rice wasn't mushy at all. Next time I'll throw in some small pieces of cauliflower.
I didn't find this bland, but that's subjective. I used olive oil, 2% milk, and marinated peppers instead of fresh peppers, no lemon juice, and grapeseed oil cooking spray. And my dinner guest went for thirds.
Thank you to the cooks who warned about the bland flavor. I took a cue from an earlier post, in which the cook did her own thing to rev up the flavor. This review is not of the actual recipe, so only read on if you're looking for help, not an accurate review of this recipe: I added an add'l tsp curry powder + 1/2 tsp garam masala a pinch of saffron, 1/4 tsp cumin, 1/4 tsp cayenne. Instead of chopping & cooking all those vegs, I used a 16 oz pkg mixed frozen vegs instead, which I cooked 1st. I cooked the rice & the frozen vegs with a 1/2 pkg ea of dried onion soup mix. For the chicken, I used dark meat, since white is flavorless. And 2% milk. And no cilantro. Now THIS is a casserole I can live with: it's spicy, deep in flavor, EZ & total yum!
We did not enjoy this at all.
It's easy to fix this recipe--add butter and salt before digging in. Then it'll taste like a Campbell's Soup casserole, with a supposedly hip new Southeast Asian flavor. If I made it again, I'd use celery, mushrooms, parsley, and thyme instead of the cilantro and curry. Note: it filled a 9 X 13 pan.
I would not make this dish again. The texture and flavor were unimpressive and it looked like confetti (kids might like that, though.)
Basic chicken and rice casserole, only mildly tasting of curry if you make it as directed. If you want heat, pump up the spice. Best if you use long grain rice and cook it with a few tablespoons less liquid than usual, so the cooked grains are tender but not sticky. That way they won't get gummy when recooked in the casserole.
I thought this was a great easy recipe that even my 15 month old loved. I didn't have fresh cilantro so I used coriander and I used whole milk instead of skim, plus a little chicken broth. I also added cumin. It was delicious!
This was a great way to use leftover chicken and rice. We had more rice and less chicken than the recipe called for, which gave the dish a more paella-like consistency. The sauce was good, though I ended up straining it to remove some of the smaller lumps. My family gobbled this down and asked for seconds.
I didn't expect much from this dish, but sometimes basic can be good. However, I was unimpressed. I hope it improves after a day or so. I can see why families would like it, though -- easy, cheap and convenient.
It's a bit of a starchy gluey mass. Didn't love it.
Boring, bland, blah! Forgetable!!
Three forks!!! This recipe is really tasty with several additions and changes. First, brown rice was cooked with 2C chicken broth instead of water. Second carrotts, red peppers, onions were sauted in 2T butter for 5 minutes over medium heat then purreed with 1/4 C milk. 1 T butter was melted and flour added-- flour was cooked until brown. The milk was added as directed then the puree was mixed in to the sauce. Frozen mixed peas, carrotts and lima's were mixted in with the chicken and the brown rice. The lemon and chopped parsley was subsutitued for cilantro and stirred into the mixture. After cooking covered for 20 minutes @ 400, lid was remoed and 1C of coconut was sprinkled on top and 1/2 C of sliced almonds. The casserole was put into the oven for the remaining 10 minutes. After removing from the oven, thinly sliced bananas were layered on top. The dinner group thoroughly enjoyed this delicious casserole.
I made it exactly as written and it was awful.
This was OK. My Husband and Kids didn't like it so I found myself eating this for several days. Unfortunately, it tasted best the first day. You could probably find a tastier casserole than this. Only plus - very healthy and easy to make. FYI - I used flavored rice and took the other cooks suggestion and cubed uncooked chicken breast and it cooked fine in the oven - no pink).
This is easy and tasty. I did not use cooked chicken breast but instead put in 1" cubed pieces of raw chicken, which cooked through perfectly in a covered dish in 25 minutes at 400 degrees, (as per the recipe). Also used frozen snow pea pods which cooked through perfectly too, and I liked the texture and taste with these as well.
Delicious and creamy dish. The second time I made it I added other vegetables that we had around the house (broccoli, cauliflower) hey, it's a casserole-- it tastes great how it is or you can make it your own.
I have made this several times. My husband and 5 year old love it. I made it once for a church supper, and am now requested to bring it whenever a hot dish is required. I use semi-skimmed milk and leave out the cilantro because many people don't care for it.
My husband even loved this- healthy dish and all. I substituted the fresh veggies I had in the fridge- cauliflower, green beans, and eggplant, and it still turned out creamy and tasty. I used a little more curry thank called for.
This was yummy, yummy. I made it with carrots and celery and then included steamed cauliflower on the side. Also I used butter instead of oil for making the curry sauce. The whole family liked it and I will be making it again.
My husband and I liked it - but he asked that if it is made again, that I should add more curry. I let the sauce simmer a little too long too, so the dish wasn't as creamy as it should have been. It made for a nice, any day, type dinner - definately not fancy.
In a word, "yuk." Nothing you might try is going to redeem this dish. I let my dog clean the plate, since I couldn't stomach all of it. She normally licks and licks and licks the plate, long after every morsel is gone. In the case of this recipe, she left food on the plate. Don't bother with this one, unless you're looking for something to top off your kitchen trash bag.The sauce is O.K., but not better than a bottled steak sauce or chutney. I thought it needed something else for flavor. The mint and the cilantro didn't combine beautifully. I won't bother trying to tweak the recipe, it's not worth the effort.
This is an unusual tasting sauce and used on the correct foods will compliment the dish and the meal. This is a strong tasting sauce and should not be used on meek entrees.
I have used this recipe many times for dinner parties after testing it on my husband - everyone enjoys it. I often make it to accompany chicked kebabs which I have prepared using the marinade for Moroccan Spiced Beef - very good combination. Ymmy and the chutney (more of a sauce really) is an attractive colour.This was the worst recipe I have ever found on Epicurious. It was such a waste of fresh monkfish and scallops. My spouse wouldn't eat it. The taste of the fennel was overpowering. The texture was awful and the topping was really an afterthought. I followed the recipe exactly.
My husband, son and I loved this-I used lightly smoked salmon and monkfish instead of scallops and shrimp, and omitted the tomatoes, basil and fennel seed. I also substitued fish stock for the clam juice, and added a splash of cooking sherry and some dill. I could have cooked it a tad longer, as the pastry was a little heavy in places. But all in all this is a keeper!
My family loves this recipe! Love the puff pastry but we like it as monkfish stew too.
Bland, bland, bland. What a waste of good fish and puff pastry. Also the tomato in not anywhere in the recipe itself. Don't waste your time......This went over like a lead balloon. I let it sit overnight so the flavors would develop, and that helped... but folks didn't seem to like it, and I had to force myself to eat it. Might be better with a bit of garlic or grated onion? It just didn't have much flavor; rather bland even with the cayenne.
This refreshing dip is lovely with a crudite platter and is also a nice topping for the Chickpea Walnut Burgers found elsewhere on this site. I added a dash of lemon pepper for added spice. It tastes good right when it is made and even better once the flavors develop. We discovered it's a much healthier alternative to sour cream-based dips and a good way to eat our veggies. Enjoy!
This is a very good addition to an assortment of appetizers. It is light and refreshing, and good with both veggies and crackers. It helps balance out heavier appetizers.
This is best for guests who prefer healthier, vegtarian, spicer fare. I love this dish, but I served it to a "meat & potatoes" crows and they weren't that impressed. The dip was very fresh, and was fun to prepare, as it gave my kitchen a nice smell what with all the lemon and oregano. I have since made this again and cannot wait to make it for my friends, who would definitely appreciate this fare.
The dip really has to sit overnight for the flavors to 'come out.' It's a refreshing alternative to standard onion dips. The dip is tangy and spicy and also is great with pita bread. My guests loved it!
This dip was okay - very mild flavor (in spite of the cayenne). I probably will not make againMost of the polenta recipes on this site are good bases for polenta. Even this recipe was pretty bland. I added about 1/2 cup more of parmesan, gray salt, 1 bulb (that's right BULB!) of roasted garlic, and 1/2 large white onion, diced and carmelized. Served with with pork chops. Now that's polenta.
a good place to start. i added rosemary and more cheese. served with garlic tomato sauce and veggies. a vegetarian delight.
I've made this polenta recipe many times .. It's quick , and the family likes it . I serve it with the Chunky Porcini Tomato Sauce with Grilled Italian sausages ..I made this a few years ago and hunted the recipe up to serve when my family comes for dinner for Valentine's celebration this Sun.
Having read the other reviews, I added tomatoes and garlic (it is Italian after all) and neded to use 2 pieces of beef to get to the quantity required. I only marinated the beef 6 hours but it was enough. Did need to cook it the whole 2.75 hours to tenderness. The sauce was very, very winey as it was. Served it with polenta, as recommneded, but kept sauce chunky (no food processor). Good not great. I must find my old standby Italian pot roast reecipe.
During the simmering, the sauce smelled wonderful; however, when served on the polenta is was surprisingly flat. I added salt and pepper and not much helped. Very disappointing!
Spend much time north of Milan with family and this is a stalwort of the North Italian recipe collection. Excellent version and well worth the effortI thought I would make this recipe because I wanted to make a quicker version of a stovetop recipe. This recipe turned out to be sweet rice soup. I even added eggs and could not get it to thicken. The taste is wonderful, and it was quicker than my usual recipe, but I have yet to find a truely thick stovetop rice pudding recipe.And by the way....I left out the salt!!
Did I miss something? This was way too salty, and not all at creamy. With less salt, it would have tasted like pleasantly sweetened rice, without any trace of pudding consistency. The tropical fruit was a nice touch, and I'll try adding it to another rice pudding recipe next time.
i would like to see the dish from norway called snow rice they make it at cristamas time and i have made it in home ec but i need to get the hisstory of it sorry about the spelling i am not good at it i am 15 and from shetland the desserted island. xxx bye and thanks from claireThe only good reviews for this recipe are from people who added more stuff to it, which seems like a great idea.
I was not impressed with this recipe. I also thought that the time to cook the veggies were not correct at all. If you want to make this, ignore the directions and timing and just do whatever is best to make the veggies easy to chew. I threw away the leftovers because neither my boyfriend or I liked it.
I cook the rice in my electric steamer (rice cooker) while I prepare the remaining ingredients. Very simple, very quick, and it tastes so rich without any unhealthy ingredients. Wonderful.
I thought this was good- not great, good. After a few forkfulls, I dusted a little Chinese five-spice over the top of each serving and found it enhanced the flavor quite nicely. A big improvement. Still, did not find the effort of preparation worth the yield.
I roasted all of the root veggies with EVOO, thyme and garlic cloves, than made the puree with the original amount of parsnips. Seasoned the rice with a pinch of saffron. I followed the recipe for the rest and it was delish.
This recipe might be right for you if: 1. you like unseasoned veggies 2. you are part of a CSA and got a crate of root vegetables in February 3. you don't mind making a simple dish that required three pans and a blender This recipe might not be for you if: 1. you don't have two hours to put into a rice dish 2. you are thinking of making this dish for company 3. you hate bland I read the other reviews, and thought if I implemented their suggestions I'd be okay - but I still was far from pleased with the result. Adding some thyme both to the puree and the finished rice helped. As did a generous helping of cheddar on top. I thought some diced, roasted beets would pull everything together, but even with these old-fashioned tricks the dish wasn't good. Three pots and a blender for this? The dish is too much of a time warp; we're passt "Perfection Salad" and other weird, white, bland foods.
Meh too. Neither my wife nor I were impressed with this dish. The basmati just wasn't substantial enough to stand up to the other textures and it's not like the flavours made up for it. Our ingredients were reasonably fresh, so I can't blame that. The idea of herbs and bacon does sound like a good one, and if I was making this the first time I would try that. Having tasted it as written, I'm not sure I can be asked to try this again.
not sure if this is worth the chopping and the different steps. if you are looking for a way to showcase the sweetness of these root veggies, it's good...if you just want a delicious rice side, i would pick something else.
Meh. After a day of fatty eating, The Boyfriend requested a dinner of "all vegetables", and those in this recipe happened to be in the crisper. Serving this as a main dish was my mistake, but when I reflected on the time and energy that went into it, it doesn't seem worth it for a side. All in all, the flavor was nice, but it lacked anything really special to recommend it. The consistency was also correct for a side, although not nearly as risotto-y as I was hoping; rather, it was more like vegetable porridge. I like the herbs and bacon idea listed below, though, so I'm saying that yes, I would make it again, but only to try that mod.
Really great. I added more veggies as well, beets made it a great color. I also added fresh herbs and bacon at the end for extra flavor.
Really delicious. I added some extra veggies as well (beets, great color) as well as fresh herbs and bacon at the very end.
I loved it! It is so healthy yet tastes so creamy. I would suggest adding more than 1 cup of carrots to increase color. I also chopped up chives to bring a bit of green to the dish. It was a little time consuming, but I am still eating the left-overs and enjoying the wholesome, winter root vegetable combination. Also, I would suggest not adding all of the puree at once, but instead mixing it in and finding the right consistency to your taste.I used Chipotle pepper mayo, seasoning & Tabasco sauce to add a kick! It is a Creole dip : ) Plus, I refrigerated it over night, so the flavors could create a wonderful melange!
Not my favorite..wouldn't make again.
The peppers in this dip give it a nice warm spiciness and a bright orange color. I may have used a heavier hand on the cayenne, but not so much that it overpowered the delicate taste of the crab (fresh dungeness). I found this a quite tasty dip that I would definitely make again.
Somewhat disappointing. I used backfin crabmeat (Special) which may have contributed to the no so appealing appearance and the dip lacked zip even with the cayenne. Shallots might help with the flavor.I added 1/2 cup extra milk and the batter was still too thick... not a conventional crepe recipe as I know it. I made a variation on the cider syrup using a blueberry beer and the outcome was delicious! Thumbs up for the syrup.
The addition of baking powder to the batter made the crepes strangely spongey and the batter too thick. I had to add about 1/4 c. more milk. I also used melted butter instead of oil so that I didn't have to chill the batter. I much prefer the Betty Crocker cookbook recipe but can't find my cookbook!
Airy, thick-type crepes. Never tried cider syrup, used maple syrup instead. Now our standard recipe, yummy.Like others, I found the initial filling a little bland, so added garlic and a little garam masala to the eggplant. Rather than trying to turn the tart using spatulas, I put a rimless sheet pan over the top of the skillet, flipped the skillet over onto the pan, and slid the now-turned tart back into the skillet.
How does one turn over a 9" tart halfway through cooking without having it fall apart?
While rather tasty and easy to prepare, the end result wasn't what I was expecting. I had trouble turning the tart over in the pan, and had to upend it onto a flat baking sheet. The top and bottom were nicely crisp, but the middle was a bit mushy and soggy, even though I really squished the eggplant and potatoes between multiple paper towels so that the water would drain out. There is PLENTY of salt in this recipe, but definitely too much butter as others have said. I would only use half as much butter next time.
After reading reviews of how bland it was, I made it with modifications: Used onions instead of shallots, added minced garlic, diced bell-peppers and topped with grated grana padano cheese. (Though perhaps a little mozzarella or other softer cheese might have been better. It made a great vegetarian main-course.
Good enough to make again, but I agree with adding more onions and garlic... Also, I ended up transfering it to a regular baking pan after browning both sides in a pan. It held its shape and was very satisfying.
I didn't have shallots so I used onions and garlic and only had one white potato, so I added two yams. It came out delicious.
This recipe is way more work than it's worth and is WAY too oily/buttery. It's not necessary to use that much fat. Even so, we had to use a lot of salt and pepper to get any flavor.
This recipe was pretty bland. With some other ingredients, like perhaps a meat like bacon or some eggs it might be better. I reviewed it in detail on my blog http://misschefy.wordpress.com
Just add in garlic...and this recipe is FANTASTIC. It is a bit hard to cook the potatoes, so I made a "top" and a "bottom" crusty potato first, then put back in the pan with the eggplant to bake.
Not only ugly but more work than it is worth. I do not suggest this recipe--it's not a very good use of decent ingredients.Sorry I didn't like these at all. The Salsa Verde was good, but the artichokes were horrible. I had a thermometer for the oil so I know I had the temperature right. They were just greasy and horrible. I really wanted to like this recipe but next time I think I would just serve steamed artichokes with the salsa.
We were recently in Rome and NONE of their artichokes were nearly as good as these. Very good!
A different way to serve artichokes. Got "crispy" too fast. Think next time I'll cook longer on lower temp, then raise heat. The tips were extremely crispy - not sure if this is how it is suppose to be,where you can only eat the end near heart, or are you suppose to heat the whole leaf?
This dish was both interesting and different to make. I would not fry in a 2-quart saucepan. The second time you fry the oil is extremely hot! If those artichokes are the least bit wet the heavy olive oil will really pop. I would suggest a "deep fryer" with a basket you can submerge. The leaves will still curl and very nicely, but the oil needs to be at 365 the second time. Don't hold the artichokes by a fork, that's too close and really heats up your fork and hand, even for a few seconds. Also, I enjoyed the dressing, but I eliminated the anchovy paste and used an artichoke relish. This worked out nicely because you need something to bind it. Perhaps some dijon mustard would be tasty. I'd also increase the amount of oil and lemon juice. Also the leaves you pull off have some meat on them. I threw those into the oil too!! Makes a nice presentation.So surprised that raw celery could taste this good. I used chopped fresh dill instead of mint and parsley... it was delish. Served with Mac and Cheese, great way to add crunch, lighten and balance a heavy main dish.
Sooo good! I served over thinly sliced beets as suggested. Tossed with fresh Italian parsley and fava beans. Don't be afraid of the mint.. its actually quite mild and a delicious compliment to the celery. I served with potatoes I quarted and fried in veg oil and with Fool Proof Chicken found on epicurious.com. Delicious!
I found this recipe too bland. Ho-hum.
Very pleasant and easy. I didn't have any parsley, so just made do with the mint, which I liked very much. I think adding a little lemon juice or capers would be interesting too. My husband raved about this one (go figure). What I especially liked was that it could be made in advance, and that it was nice with a very rich main course.
This salad has a lovely, fresh taste. The sliced red beets provide an interesting contrast in textures and flavors, and make a beautiful presentation to boot. I ate it all by itself for an ultra-lite dinner (I had a heavy lunch), but it would pair well with roast chicken and a creamy potato salad.
I gave this only two forks because I liked it, but my husband thought it was just so-so. Thought the crispy celery and frest mint were a perfect complement to the BBQ chicken I served it with and will make again, despite my husband's unenthusiastic response! Be careful adding salt and pepper to taste--it doesn't need a whole lot and unfortunately, I oversalted it a tiny bitMy family is a fan of the regular baked garbanzo beans. I never expected they would taste good with sugar and cinnamon. Thanks for sharing.
ok--I really had fun and realllly liked playing with this recipe. Did the cinnamon version. I used Saigon cinnamon and doubled it by the time I finished. I would never use canned beans (ick--sodium!!) and already started to soak another half pound of GBs. I did soak overnight and also cooked beans 1/2 hr, draining before and after each action. I also made savory version and not sure about sugar, left it out, but added it halfway thru baking, for the "candied" coat to grip the seasonings. I used 1 tsp Spanish smoked paprika, 1/4 tsp hot paprika and 1/2 tsp fresh black pepper+ sea salt to taste (1/2 tsp max) I look forward to some new versions.
I agree with previous reviewers wondering where the horrible reviews come from. I think these are a great treat to snack on. I used canned garbanzo beans and it took more along the lines of an hour for them to fully crisp up (although might have crisped a bit too much in the last 10 minutes, so keep your eye on them). Also, next time I will add a little less salt as I was hoping for a sweeter snack.
helps if you give them a stir every 10-15 min. perhaps in between a few cocktails!
I might have given these 4 forks, but they're too simple to call exceptional. I've made them twice in the past week to rave reviews. I'm using probably 4 or more cups of garbanzos, but I think I use less sugar. I sprinkle it lightly, then bake it, then taste it for sweetness before adding more and baking longer. I skip the salt. They're addictive, delicious, loved by all, and so quick and simple if made with canned beans. Try them!
I might have given these 4 forks, but they're too simple to call exceptional. I've made them twice in the past week to rave reviews. I'm using probably 4 or more cups of garbanzos, but I think I use less sugar. I sprinkle it lightly, then bake it, then taste it for sweetness before adding more and baking longer. I skip the salt. They're addictive, delicious, loved by all, and so quick and simple if made with canned beans. Try them!
I might have given these 4 forks, but they're too simple to call exceptional. I've made them twice in the past week to rave reviews. I'm using probably 4 or more cups of garbanzos, but I think I use less sugar. I sprinkle it lightly, then bake it, then taste it for sweetness before adding more and baking longer. I skip the salt. They're addictive, delicious, loved by all, and so quick and simple if made with canned beans. Try them!
i've tried garbanzo beans coated in a random assortment of italian seasonings- my friends threw it together with every spice they could find in their spice rack- and those were really tasty.
The general consensus on these in our foodie house was that they were mildly addictive - kind of sweet, kind of salty. Not sure I'm understanding all the negative reviews, feel like I missed something - they take 30 seconds to throw together, then you just stick them in the oven and wait, and then ... they're not half bad. I've tried them with dried and canned garbanzo beans (hello economy, try an 89 cent snack), they work ok both ways. I wouldn't say they're the world's most gourmet delight, but they're not half bad.
I thought the recipe looked great and easy so despite the reviews I gave it a try. Flavor not great- the sugar and salt didnt work well with the beans and it had a strange after taste. I also had problems cooking it evenly- I almost broke my teeth on a few and others were not cooked. I'll keep looking for another snack recipe.
Same experience as the cook from Rhode Island. Too crispy or too soft. I am adventurous in my cooking. A tad too adventurous in this case. I tried hard to like these. My family agrees; there are some foods you can develop a taste for but these are not it. Problems with this recipe extend beyond flavor. I intentionally left the container at my brother's house after our holiday party. I had such high hopes.
What a waste. No child or adult would eat them. I ate a few because I invested so much time into them.
I have to say: eh. These were a disappointment. The first reviewer was right -- about half were perfectly crunchy, the other half turned out too soft. Overall, they lacked interest and weren't really worth the time.
Don't waste the effort here. Even though I'm a garbanzo fan & can make odd things into desirable ones, this one is beyond my scope. At best it reminds you of some kind of cereal. Chickpeas were either too soft or too crunchy-hard. 86 this one.Garlic Chips are my new favorite. Delicious with... well pretty much anything, but esp NY or Ribeye steak and crispy rosemary! The trick is to heat the oil and the garlic slices at the same time over med to med hi (depending on your stove) to avoid the burn and bitter. Great with chicken too.
Since this recipe called for garlic cloves "as large as possible", I bought the biggest elephant garlic I have ever seen. This is my first trial of this recipe and I have to say I find the chips bitter. It might be that I went overboard with the garlic size and I will try this again. But, for the first trial, I am a bit disappointed.This is no more bland than plain linguine! I served this with the Lamb Stew with Lemon and Figs. The crunchy texture was great with the stew.
We liked the texture and taste of this dish although it didn't stay together as a cake. Next time we would add an egg. We refried it in a cast iron skillet with a smaller cast iron skillet pressing it down on top. As suggested, we made this to go along with lamb and fig stew.
Of course this is bland. It's meant to be served along side the Lamb stew with lemon & figs. Or spicy asian food. Bet none of you eat tofu out of the box. Same idea.
If it's got carbs and is fried I want way better than this ....
A number of other commenters said this recipe was dull, and on its own I suppose it is. But I don't think it's meant to be served stand-alone--it was good with the accompanying lamb stew recipe (though plain noodles would do just as well). If you do try this, use your largest frying pan to maximize the surface area.
Honestly, this recipe is bland and lifeless. It lacks soul. I have prepared numerous crispy noodles cakes with umph to it, be it the addition of super fine slivers of sun-dried tomatoes and super finely grated parmesan reggiano and MORE olive oil or Vietnamese style with raw crushed garlic, fish sauce and butter. If you do attempt this simple side dish, well...add something. Anything. Enough said.
I've made a similar recipe only using leftover spaghetti and sauce, eggs and grated cheese. The pasta gets crispy on the outside and soft inside. The flavor is amazing and everyone loves it!
WHY would anyone make this when wonderful pasta recipes are available? Potato pancakes made this way are delicious, but NOT PASTA!!
I didn't make this one, but have made a similer one for years, except rather than parsley to flavor the noodles, you use soy sauce and toasted sesame oil. It's not a side dish, you use it under your stir fry instead of rice.
My mom used to make fried noodles. She didn't make a pancake and only used margarine. The noodles were all mixed with soft parts and crispy edges. I made this for my girls when they wre young and they loved it. Works best with flat egg noodles, more places to crisp. VERY GOOD for a carb addict.
Unremarkable--in fact plain buttered noodles are better and a lot less trouble. The reviews that suggested egg and parm sound much more appealing.
WHY????
What would you serve this with? It seems a little dull on its own!
I've been making this for years, using an old Jane Brody recipe. However this one is a little dull. Brody's recipe calls for mixing the pasta with one beaten egg and 1/4 cup of grated Parmesan Reggiano cheese, which adds flavor and helps keep the pasta together. Then follow the rest of the recipe. Great for left over spaghetti or linguini, my son loves this.
This has been a staple in my house for years. We usual add an egg and grated cheese. This is also great with left over chopped vegatables mixed within.I had high hopes for this recipe but, as written, it is too bland. The principal problem is the broth base. It desperately needs some kicking up. I made it a second time and added a bunch of chopped green onions, which helped a lot, along with a small sprinkle of red pepper flakes. That helped but next time I am going to experiment with some ginger or, perhaps, a few teaspoons of hoisin. Bottom line is work on the broth.
this is a tasty and light dinner that's really easy and quick to make. the aioli is perhaps a lot to make for using only a few teaspoons, but it was tasty in the dish.This recipe did come out nice and crunchy like restaurant fries, but we weren't fans of the seasoning. i would make this with my own seasonings or simply sea salt and pepper next time. Also, we had to cook the fries about 40 min instead of 20.
Really Nice
Oven fries are hard to get crispy so when I saw the name of the recipe, I thought this would be different. I suspected they would be like any other oven fries. I basically bake them as long as I can without burning. I guess I like the fries without a lot of moisture. Still good!
I made these with sweet potatoes and they were very tasty.
I added a bit of water to a whole beaten egg coated them with whole wheat flour, smoked paprika, finely ground green tea leaves, and ground flack seed, black pepper and sea salt ... light spray of olive oil then cooked them on a Panini Grill on high for about 7-10 minutes.they came out really nice and crispy and tasted great.
I concur with everyone else's review.Oven fries with olive oil, garlic powder, salt and pepper spread on a pan with a 350-400 degree oven (depends on how impatient you are!) and flipped after 15-20 minutes makes great oven fries. Add oregano and they're "greek fries" around here. Also, a minimum of oil goes a long way (like 1 tsp. for 2-3 good size russets). You don't want them oily, you want them crisp!
I also vote for the olive oil instead of egg white..Our discovery has been to coat the potatoes with spice up oil and the heat the pan real hot with a little bit of oil spread in it...toss in the "fries" and watch them crisp up..if you want you can switch out the coating oil for spray & spice and add some romano cheese with your saved calories! We call these Nannie's Taters.
Really..... made this and won't again. Keep it simple when it comes the fries.
Didn't think this was very good at all as written. Drop the breadcrumbs and egg whites. Spray pan or cookie sheet with spray. Then mix in bowl, thick sliced potatoes, the spices, with some olive oil to coat. Cook 20 minutes, flip, cook another 20. Perfect oven fries, cooked to the middle, crispy on the outside.
What a waste of time and ingredients. Ill-conceived recipes like this one give healthy cooking a bad reputation. Roasting with olive oil and your choice of seasoning, as the reviewer below suggests, is the sensible alternative to deep frying.
I think it will be easier and taste better to quarter the potatoes, toss with rosemary and olive oil and salt, and bake. The seasoning did not add anything in particular tastewise and the texture was not great. They got eaten, but I won't make this recipe again either.
My seasoning didn't really coat the fries, it kind of stuck in clumps. Thought it was a really mediocre recipe. Won't make it again.This was a great recipe to a classic Greek dish which is made with eggplant instead of the potatoes. I followed the recipe exactly but added cinnamon and nutmeg to the meat mixture and a dash of nutmeg to the topping. Perfect. I will try using this topping the next time I make Greek moussaka. This topping was easy and tasted great.
This is good comfort food but it can be spiced up a little bit. I sometimes make Turkish potato moussaka which is almost similar to this but has also marjoran, bayleaf, thyme and green pepper in it (but no cheese which definitely is a tasty addition).
I forgot to buy the onions, so made without. It was missing a flavor I think it really needed, so not recommended without onions. Instead of bread crumbs, I used crushed croutons, which added a really great vinegar & spice flavor to it that it really needed. Was far too greasy, particularly with those potatoes. Unless you have a deep fat fryer, it's very hard to turn out good fried potatoes anyway, so I don't recommend you fry them without one. In the past, I've taken pre-cooked potato slices and lightly pan fried in small dollops of butter, which cuts a little bit of the grease out and has the same effect.
Croatian moussaka has potatos instead of eggplant but they are not fried. They are traditionally boiled a littl ebit before baking the dish but could probably be steamed like one the other reviewers mentioned.
My husband is from East Germany and he loved this dish. I have been to eastern Europe many times and the food is always tasty and harty but if you are looking for tastebud popping spice you won't find it. Spices are subtle in this cuisine. The only change I made was to fry the potatoes in olive oil instead of veggetable oil to try and make it a bit healthier and I drained the cooked beef very well of all it's fat. I will definately keep this one in our rotation.
i'm eastern european and it was soo good (for american version).
I couldn't stomach the idea of all those fried potatoes, so I left the skins on for texture, sliced them as called for, and steamed them instead, which worked very well. Also substituted veggie ground round. The resulting dish was tasty but didn't make my short list of dishes that are wonderful enough to justify multiple stages of cooking. This one falls into the category of Too Much Work for me.
This was a FABULOUS recipe! We added a little more salt and pepper (just because we like a little more) and were very happy with this dish. We will definitely make this again!
I've tried this recipe and it did not taste nearly as good as I expected. I will not make this dish again.
too much fat for folks having to watch medical diets.
This was OK but a little insipid - I will make it again but using marjoram, oregano and rosemary from my herb garden. I halved the amounts and left out all the breadcrumbs - it is better to thicken the meat sauce by reducing it.I agree that the chicken is so odd, although it's described as an American variation I have never seen it served that way and I am a native Californian. I must admit though that I always serve my croque madame with a velvety mustard bechamel so that it the "norm" for me.
Easy to make, easier to eat. Yeah, the distiction is the egg. I don't know what the person below is talking about; I'm sure that their French friends love having he or she around for laughs.
To "A Cook on 03/15/04" -- En fait, ce n'est pas vrai. L'oeuf fait la diffΘrence. But then again, you were trolling, no?
Where on earth is the person laying down the law on "Croque Monsieur" and "Croque Madame" getting his/her information? I have lived in Paris for the last eleven years and in every cafΘ I've been in a Croque Monsieur is made with Jambon de Paris and a Madame is the same but with an egg on top. Various other hams are sometimes used, but then it is noted and the dish is called a "Croque Campagnard" or named after it's region (for example, with a tomato, it's a Croque provenτale). I have NEVER seen a croque made with chicken.
The difference between Monsieur and Madame is the former uses Black Forest ham and the latter uses chicken. You will embarrass yourself if you try to pass this one off to your French friends.Thousand Island dressing is NOT bechamel sauce.
This is NOT a croque monsieur.
So funny to use Thousand Island, Swiss and ordinary ham to make this Croque Monsieur, but the taste was fabuloso! My dearly beloved loved it - and he's a picky eater!
This was easy but very bland...the name is more exciting than the sandwich. I'd add either caraway to the sauce or use rye bread...either would be a vast improvement.
I prepared one of these sandwiches for my S0, to accompany a bowl of soup, before he left for his night shift job. My four-year-old wandered in, asked for a bite, then requested her own sandwich (she'd already had her supper). I did manage to sneak a bite or two myself, and thought it was good, but on the basis of my family's reaction, I have to give this four stars.
Really,people,nobody here cares about how to pronounce it,this is a recipes site. Anyway,the sandwich recipe is really good,next time,try mixing a little heavy cream with grated gruyere,and use is instead of the dressing and the slices of cheese,I bet you'll like it!!.
Ce sandwich est dΘlicieux! Je le ferais certainement encore.
Good grief! Is this a recipe finder or a language web site?! My friends, who are visiting from Paris, and I just made this sandwich and we thought it was very easy and had good flavor! We all think maybe others could critique the food and leave the "sniping" behind........ Who cares if they even spell it "CROAK"? Just eat the food!
In response to Manda from Madison: You may need to brush up on your French lessons. A croque madame has an egg on it, not a croque monsieur. But I encourage readers to try both, they're equally delicious.
uh, that would be "croque madam" no 'e'. ;-) do these usually have swiss cheese? what about using Gruyere? acceptable? or Raclette?
I didn't make this recipe, but as any good French student would know, a Croque Monsieur has an easy over egg on it!Used day old baguette, brushed with Trader Joe's garlic olive oil, added salt and pepper, baked at 350 in a perforated pizza pan for 10 minutes - came out great.
I used more garlic and more olive oil. don't let it dry out too much!To the previous reviewer: There are a number of variables that might have worked against you: 1) your oven leaks and/or the thermometer is off (problems that often go hand in hand); and/or 2) your lamb was older, hence bigger, and/or not prime or choice-grade (these problems also go hand in hand -- and it sounds like you might have had the "perfect storm" of problems, as I can't possibly imagine cooking a lamb roast at 425 degrees for an hour). The chefs that write these recipes tend to work with commercial-grade equipment and prime-grade meat. Lamb, in particular, varies greatly in quality. Those of us out here in the real world have to be diligent. Do not give up on crown roast of lamb - it is heavenly. Pester your butcher, and special order the meat based on his or her recommendations. It will cost a lot, but this is the quintessential special occasion main course.
I made this yesterday for Easter along with the pilaf. Recipe said 35 mins @ 425 It took 1 hr plus and still was bloody. What went wrong.? Was a butcher tied l6 rib roast. I had 13 people waiting to eat.
I have made this roast twice. It's a fast delicious and simple meal. I added 2T of Povencal herbs to the wine sauce and didn't use a crown roast just a lamb rib, french roast (cheaper). everything else is the same. I cut the ribs and serve them separately with sauce and serve over wild rice.
It is essiential to add the beef broth, because if you don't you will have a sauce similar to Nickelodeon's slime and impossible to eat. I would not recommend this recipe for recent college grads(unless, of course, you majored in the culinary arts). My side dish of potatoes, butter, and salt did turn out though! Good Luck!I too was not that impressed with the flavor of just adding taco seasoning to the mix, so I also added a dry package of Hidden Valley Ranch seasoning to it, and WOW, was that delicious!
Hidden Valley IS Ranch! If you add taco seasoning to the Hidden Valley, you will be amazed at the results.
I agree that it was so tangy and salty. I did not enjoy it, but some of my guests did.
Way to 'tangy'. Much easier and cheaper to pick up a store bought dip.
I served this to about 30 people on a recent trip to the outer banks. Ages ranged from 3-50. They all raved! I will definitely serve it again. VERY EASY!!
My guests loved this dip and they're usually difficult to please. I made it with light mayo, reduced-fat sour cream and low-fat buttermilk. You really couldn't tell it wasn't made with the full fat ingredients because the flavors of the taco seasoning were so pronounced. I didn't have any problems with the consistency -- it was smooth and thick enough to stick to the chips.
I don't understand the problem the previous cooks had with this recipe. I made it with low-fat mayo and sour cream, and it turned out great. My mother made it with full fat ingredients, and it was also great. Very quick and easy; different from usual taco dips. Try it!
This was different and easy to make, and pretty tasty. The first time I made it. though, I thought it was too thin, so the next time I only added a few tablespoons of buttermilk, to still have some of that tangy taste. I also used a thicker mayonnaise. The results were much more to my liking.
Disappointing. The flavor wasn't at all interesting, and the dip was thin. I kept having to add more and more sour cream. I almost considered blending it with cream cheese.The pie crust worked well for me. I made the gingersnap crust recipe as written and baked it in a pie plate. I used 4 Tbls. butter as noted and only a light film to butter the pan. I pressed the crust down with the bottom of a measuring cup before baking. The crust did not shrink. Afraid it might slide down the sides after baking, I lightly pressed the crust again with the bottom of a metal measuring cup after removing from the oven, though I'm not sure this was necessary. I haven't eaten the pie so am reluctant to give it four stars at this time.
I have no problem with the ingredient ratio, but I never butter my pie plate first. There is enough butter in the recipe itself. I use a 9" deep-dish Le Crueset pie plate and the crust never sticks.
WAY too much butter, I had to sop it up with a towel. Very disappointed with this crust.
What a HUGE bummer! Cooked a gingersnap crust, doubled the recipe for a 9" deep dish AND added more cookies than called for to make up for the obviously too much butter. Crust melted and shrank to the bottom of the pie pan and sides crumbled over. Disappointing and a huge inconvenience the day before Thanksgiving...
It was fine with the pumpkin cheescake pie, but it did take time to soften up enought to not be emarrassing to eat.
I doubled recipe to make a larger cheesecake. I used a very large springform pan and doubled the crumb crust recipe also. The butter melted, ran out the bottom of the pan, filled the bottom of the oven with melted butter which burned and smoked requiring me to clean the oven. During the time the cake was in the oven baking the house filled with smoke and set off the detectors. When looking at the recipe and checking it with other crumb crusts I have made, I believe the butter amount was too much.This was good but I added about 7 garlic cloves and doubled the rosemary (it tasted rather bland until I added more). The garlic and rosemary made yummy little "crunchies" all around the potatoes. Will make again but I definitely suggested increasing the garlic and rosemary for more prominent flavor.
No,I don't like the idea of this recipe.I like the other rosemary potato recipe much more!!!
Great flavor (I doubled the garlic, we're garlic lovers) and we loved the crustiness of the potatoes from pan frying. This is a perfect accompaniment to a heavy meat entree. I think it is more a recipe for 4 than 2.
Not very flavorful. There are so many other good recipes than this one. I would not waste your time.
This is a great, basic recipe....to the lady from MN........nothing special? Well, it's just potatoes for crying out loud! Good potatoes, too!
I was not impressed with this recipe. Nothing special.
This was SO easy to make and very tasty. The rosemary is very subtle. I think next time I may add more as I LOVE rosemary. Even my picky fiance liked this one and had seconds! I'll definitely make this again.
I made this dish to accompany an anniversary dinner of filet mignon and steamed lobster - it was absolutely perfect!!! This potato dish is simple to make and elegant on the plate!!
Excellent! Made for a dinner party of 6. Everyone raved. Very easy.
Always looking for new potato ways and I liked This one. Easy enuf, too. Ihad no "new" potatos on hand so used unpeeled diced Idahos and itworked fine.This recipe was actually pretty good... but it's not anything like a real piece of fried chicken. If you're looking for a low fat alternative to the real McCoy, this could be it. I took the cue from some previous reviews and kicked things up a few notches by adding garlic powder, onion powder, paprika and some thyme to the flour/cornmeal mixture. Skipped the lemon zest. Didn't have any buttermilk so i just used 1% milk and some light sour cream for the soaking mixture. Stick to the timing in the recipeor else you'll get dried out chicken. My wife liked it enough to ask that I make it again. The kids were a little less enthusiasticbut they're not worrying about their weight or cholesterol.
I really can't figure out why my husband loves this so much. We had some leftovers so he put it in a tortilla with salad and Caesar dressing the next day and hasn't stopped asking for it ever since. I found it very boring myself.
I much preferred the "Spicy Oven-Fried Chicken" recipe on this site. I would like to try this recipe again on fish instead of chicken.
I've come up with a great name for this recipe: Chicken Cookies. Everything cooked up beautifully but you really don't want a lemon/sweet corn combo where chicken is concerned, right? Kinda gross. Skip the lemon, add some red pepper, and you'll be fine.
Don't make this unless you have a wonderful, tasty sauce to go over it. It is very boring on its own. I followed the recipe and cook time to a T and it was dry and tasteless.
I also left out the lemon zest, and I added a little extra hot pepper sauce. The chicken was nice and crispy on the outside, and juicy on the inside. Because it was so easy, this is definitely something I'll be making regularly...
I love this recipe. I've made this dish several times. It's tasty, easy and quick to prepare. I omit the lemon zest. I also substitute skinless chicken legs and thighs for the breasts.
I skipped the lemon zest completely, as it seemed that was better suited to fish. Recipe still turned out well, very juicy and just enough flavor & spice. Husband loved it!
This was pretty good, but didn't match the results of a very similar recipe I have been using for years that uses cornflake crumbs instead of cornmeal. I also use skinned chicken piece that are still on the bone for extra flavor.
Very tasty and the family enjoyed it. Chicken was so moist is actually squirted juices when cut. I did bake it an extra 10 minutes however to ensure it was completely cooked.
The only positive thing I can say about this recipe is the chicken was moist. No one liked it.
It was easy. It was juicy. We just didn't care for it. The flour, corn meal & lemon made me think it was more for fish than chicken. Bet that would be good!
Wonderfully juicy (especially for oven-fried boneless chicken)! I sliced the breasts into "nuggets"; the cooking time was 15 mins (convection bake). I used a cornbread mix (no cornmeal on hand) and it added a nice sweetness to balance the spicy pepper (I added TONS of black pepper to the coating). This dish is great with a creamy potato salad or homemade macaroni & cheese :-)
Made this dish w/ ideas from previous reviews (yogurt instead of buttermilk - vanilla instead of plain for sweeter batter and garlic instead of lemon flavor). Whole family loved the meal (served w/ green beans and new potatoes), but needs ~ 30-35 minutes to cook, not 20 minutes...
Nice change of pace. I liked the flavor, the hint of "heat", texture of the coating, AND the tenderness of the chicken breast. Was also fairly quick to prepare. Served with Scalloped Potatoes and Green Beans. Will definitely make again!
I substituted plain yogurt for the buttermilk, and it turned out great. I'm surprised to see the negative comments--this is a favorite, and I passed it to my father (who used it with fish instead of chicken and said it was excellent). The squeeze of lemon is a must.
I read the reviews before starting this recipe and made some adjustments accordingly. I crushed a clove of garlic into the buttermilk sauce and was generous with the liquid hot pepper(tabasco). I gave the flour mix 1/2 teaspoon each of cayenne and salt. use a good quality canola oil and be a bit more generous than 1 tablespoon, even coverage is key. tent the chicken with aluminum foil for most of the cooking time to keep it moist, remove foil for last 5 minutes or so to crisp the coating. my husband and I really enjoyed it.
This is a godd "basic" recipie. I myself eat exciting food. I used my own seasoned flour, instead of plain & also left out the lemon. All chicken should be seasoned with garlic powder, oregano, onion powder, salt & a small amount of chile powder.Use a spritzer to spray oil on the bird, it will be more uniform.
This recipe has potential but needs help. I used unsalted matzo meal instead of the cornmeal (a substitution I make frequently), but I don't think that's why the breasts came out pale and chalky. The flavor is quite good but it seems there's not enough fat for the coating to actually fry...instead it just hardens. This recipe might work better with skin-on chicken pieces or with a little oil spritzed onto the coating before baking.
Not what I expected - the children ate it but no one said anything exceptional - I felt it needed salt or something exciting. The kids noticed the spice and did not appreciate it. I did not add this to my online recipe file.
Kind of uninteresting. I prefer a little more flavor to my chicken. I will most likely go back to my old oven fried chicken recipe.
Very simple recipe. The chicken was especially juicy.
Tasty
Great Recipe. Cannot tell that its not fried.
It's different from your basic oven fried chicken, but I love baked chicken breast halves. I enjoyed it!Had a version of this at the Ritz Carlton in Cancun served in a Coconut Shell. . . Outstanding. . . So I make this with cream and coconut water or Coconut milk and water and then chill it to within an each of its life. . . .
Agree with the cook from Maine - with the revisions, this is a wonderful soup that I have also eaten for breakfast (maybe we Mainers are just weird?). But I will also freely admit that my husband and 19-year old daughter are less enthused, though my 23 year old daughter liked it. But I love it and make it several times a summer.
I really didn't like this soup. It was bland and not as refreshing as I expected. I followed some reviewer suggestions and did not add the water, but I wanted the soup a little thinner and added more buttermilk instead. I wish I had added water instead; the buttermilk flavor seemed a little too strong (though perhaps I'm just not a buttermilk fan; I've not used it much before). Adding lime juice did improve the flavor somewhat, but I still wasn't very happy with it. It wasn't so bad that it was inedible, but I won't make it again.
I used the proposed revisions (no water, increased buttermilk to desired consistency). I thought it was great but my boyfriend only took a couple of spoonfuls before pushing it aside. I was happy to find a gazpacho like soup without tomatoes.
Luckily I misread the recipe and didn't add any water, but added buttermilk to taste, as a previous reviewer suggested. It came out so well I ate it for breakfast the next day too - one of those hot days when you can hardly breathe. Give it a try!
Delicious. Skipped the water and simply added buttermilk until the soup reached a consistency I liked in the blender. Added the avocado, crab & caviar timbale from another recipe at this site. Yum.
Sorry to have wasted perfectly good vegetables on this!!! Very bland and watery!!
There is a way to make this taste good. Do not add the 1.5 cups water. Do add several squirts fresh lime juice. Do not be tempted to increase quantity of mint, lest it overpower the more delicate components. Otherwise prepare the recipe exactly as specified (though I omitted the scallion, since I have an aversion towards it) and you will have a thick, creamy, cooling concoction with distinct notes of cucumber and avocado. Thanks to previous reviewers who alerted the public as to the tastelessness of the original version.
Poor. Tasteless .
This was very bland. A real disappointment.I found the addition of feta cheese greatly elevated the flavor of this otherwise very average salad. Flavor of cumin is strong, but I happen to really like cumin so that wasn't a problem.
This has the IDEA of a good salad. It's hard to put my finger on exactly what is off. You get just a taste of what this salad COULD be, with a change or two, but unfortunately it is, in my opinion, just..."off." Perhaps it's too much lemon juice, but on the other hand, the sweetness from the honey was pronounced as well. I liked the cumin but would grind the seeds next time so they aren't as intrusive. Liked the cabbage, cukes, and cilantro tastes. Not sure I'd bother again, but if I did, I might add some peanuts at the last minute.
my husband thought the cumin was overwhelming, I thought it was ok,but I like cumin.
The flavor was not that great and the tamarind made it look like a salad in mud. Not my favorite.
It was OK,not fantastic.
We really enjoyed this. I toasted the cumin and then ground it, though, as you would normally do with cumin in raita (which this salad resembles.)
This was just OK. The cumin seeds were very overwhelming. Plus, you could not taste the tamarind.Quick, easy, and delicious. I used a pastry/frosting bag thingy to squeeze the sour cream out to make the presentation nicer. It worked well. The only thing I would change is to buy better caviar rather than the regular grocery store variety.
This makes a wonderful presentation for Christmas...peel the cukes into vertical stripes. Cut them into 3/4" to 1" towers with the top on a slant. Hollow out the seed inside leaving just enough for a solid bottom, fill with sour cream and top with red caviar. Serve with champagne or prosecco!
This is very attractive-looking and I would make it again for this reason. I would, however, serve it along side some crackers with caviar, too so that people can also enjoy an intense caviar flavor. The water in the cucumber doesn't "carry" the flavor of the caviar very well. Serving just a few for attractiveness(and for those who don't love caviar) with other canapes makes for a colorful presentation.
Haven't tried this with cucumber, but one of my favorite caviar recipes is artichoke bottoms with sour cream and caviar. Wonderful, I could eat it all night, and I'll make it again this New Years.
It was absolutely one of the worst things I have ever put in my mouth before. It made me gag it was so bad.I only gave this two forks as is because it needed some help. To the yogurt I added red onion and capers and this was a big hit a my last cocktail party. Especially with friends that are on low carb diets.
Try the pepperocinis with smoked salmon - MUCH better than this. For those that don't like the heat of the peppers, substitute the filling of that recipe for the filling in this one.
When I made this I used 1/2 yogurt and half sour cream. Added some Mc Cormic's salad seasoning and also added some chopped capers,It was a smash hit
This dish was inedible! Nobody in our crowd (eight of us) would eat it. If you're thinking of making this look for another recipe or at the very least use sour cream or cream cheese instead of the yogurt and cut way back on the dill.I think the flavor is probably ok if you can solve the slush problem. I'm going to try salting and draining the cucumber and draining the whey from the yogurt. Lot's of work for what should be a simple recipie.
The flavor is really nice, but the consistency... even with salting/draining the cucumbers, it was still quite slushy and does NOT make for an attractive looking salad. I would probably go for this type of dressing on meat/falafel rather than salad, and then make a heavier consistency like tzaziki. So not much left of this original recipe.
I love greek food and this salad dressing I'm sure will be right up my alley. Just one suggestion to those who thought it was "sledgy" that can happen with cucumbers. When I make Tzatziki I always grate the cucumbers salt them then let them drain in a colander for an hour or two. Squeeze out excess water then add to my yogurt mix. It makes all the difference. So delicious and will keep for days without getting watery.
Yuck! It was bland and the texture was awful. As another reviewer put it, it was 'slushy'. Don't know what I could do to salvage this one.
A variation of Tzaziki, with the wonderful addition of the feta. I would add a half tsp of lemon to bring out the flavors more, since the cheese is salty enough. The dressing is quite good on kebabs and falafal as well. The only problem I've found is that the consistancy is rather slushy, but I used less yogurt and more cucumber to minimize the fat/calories, so bumping up the yogurt component may help that.To the "too-much-salt" commenters: Get a dictionary and look up the words "rinse" and "thoroughly". To the "very runny" commenter: look up the words "drain" and "well".
Really too salty. Maybe cut out some of the mustard for olive oil, but definitely too salty as is. Blech.
I skipped the salting stage and added 1/2 of a small red onion (cut into very small dice) at the end. The Dijon made for a perky alternative to creamy cucumber salads and its an easy and tasty accompaniment to grilled fish...Ignore the haters!
Very runny
Not sure why others were fusing. Great dressing and perfect for the cukes. The mustard dressing would also be fab with salmon. I used dried dill but probably even better with fresh. Try it!
WAY too much mustard for 2 cukes. Terrible.
Too much salt, too much mustard.
Nice, but go for the Magyar style!This was okay, I added more mustard than was called for but after sitting overnight, there was little mustard flavor. The dressing was more watery than I had hoped for. Will try a different recipe next time.
This recipe is a good base to work from. I followed the recipe exactly (aside from using regular yogurt) however, it seems to be missing something. I will continue to experiement with this one.Very good. Have made many times and with variations. Although it adds some bitterness, I no longer wash beans (flavor is also in the bean juice - final result is not as clean but more flavor). Substituted lime juice for 1/2 the OJ to match guacamole and salsa flavors; have added chili powder and Tabasco. From this basic recipe you can spice it up as much as you want. The keys are the cumin and cilantro (taste test the cilantro so it doesn't overpower). Try adding onion, jalapeno; whatever you want. Could be called Brazilian-style black beans. A very nice side dish that goes with many recipes from south of the US border. Yum.
Very good black beans.
Not too bad, but didn't knock my socks off. I added 1 tsp of sauteed minced garlic. I would suggest adding 1/2 cup of chopped fresh mint as in Epicurious' other Cumin Black Bean recipe. I'll try that next time. Served w/ Epicurious' Boneless Chicken w/ Red Chili Sauce. This recipe was incredible after a few alterations.
This is a really good basic dish, especially if you're short on time and you keep a can of black beans in your pantry for emergencies! I make it with coconut rice (recipe also found in epicurious) and fried plantains or bananas. The whole meal takes about 30 minutes to prepare. I've made it several times now and everyone always loves it.We really liked this. It's a slight twist on regular coleslaw; the cumin is really nice and would pair this well with beef. I made it to go with turkey sandwiches and really liked it.
This was awful. No flavor, yuck.
Quick and easy!! a nice and crunchy slaw as compared to some of those other "soggy" messes! Delicious as suggested or with grilled chicken,lamb or pork.
This is a really good variation on this dish - the cumin gives it a more modern, sort of south-of-the-border flavor.OK, four forks, but I changed things somewhat. First, I used whole cumin and coriander, toasted, and ground the toasted seeds with some peppercorns in my spice grinder. Second, I ignored the ratios/quantities of the ingredients in the recipe; I "eyeballed" all of the ingredients, tasting along the way. Third, I added salt. Rubbed on some chicken thighs - it was really, really good.
OK, four forks, but I changed things somewhat. First, I used whole cumin and coriander, toasted, and ground the toasted seeds with some peppercorns in my spice grinder. Second, I ignored the ratios/quantities of the ingredients in the recipe; I "eyeballed" all of the ingredients, tasting along the way. Third, I added salt. Rubbed on some chicken thighs - it was really, really good. Good luck!
Not very tasty or zesty. I would add a TABLESPOON of cayenne and something else. Anything else. Mostly tasteless.
This recipe is terrible! I've used cumin in recipes before and never had an issue with it, but now I doubt I'll be able to eat it again after this. The smell was horrible and so was the taste. The ratio of cumin to the other ingredients is ridiculous - there's way to much of it. If you want to give this one a try, and you LOVE cumin, I would still reduce the amount to 1 teaspoon, rather than 1/4 cup as recommended.
If you like cumin, it's very good. I had it at a friend's house over chicken thighs and I used it on chicken legs. Grilled on indirect heat. It was very good but, I will use it more sparingly the next time.Following and mixing some suggestions from other reviewers, as well as making my own changes, became hard to rate this recipe as it is. But, it end up pretty good for an Indian style no-special occasion dish. As others, I really reduced the butter (used only 1 tbsp), added 1 tsp toasted cumin seeds, used vegetable broth instead of water, brown rice and used curry paste. Here is the deal: I used a yellow sour curry paste (Maesri brand found in Asian markets). I used only 2/3 of a 4oz can and added to 2 cups of broth* and it was a 4-5 spicy. The taste was great, but if you are sensitive to hot dishes, use less of curry paste or stick with the curry powder as in the ingredients list. I was out of fresh ginger, so I used 1tsp dry ginger. Also, added 1 shallot to green onions. Used snow peas instead of frozen peas. * I use a no-salt added broth and it is super rich in taste, so I usually mix with water. the 2 cups I referred is exactly 1 c of veg. broth + 1 c of water.
This is an easy and tasty weeknight dinner. I also enjoyed the leftovers for lunch. I did make a few tweeks, however. I used grapeseed oil instead of butter to cut down on saturated fat and increased the spices (1/4 c. diced ginger, 1 T. garam masala, 1 t. toasted cumin seed). I also added a can of drained chickpeas with the veggies, rice and broth to make it more of a satisfying meal. With these adjustments, the recipe is a keeper!
Doing the tips mentioned here came naturally (stock instead of water, *tripling* the curry). What I substituted was brown rice and green pepper. Also, less butter. Came. Out. Great. Topped with a variation of Epicurious' Red Curry Peanut Sauce but great on its own.
Very easy and quite tasty. I made it in one 5 qt pot, as I doubled it. Also used 2 can chicken broth. Didn't have ginger or lemon peel, but used curry, tumeric, cumin, red pepper and garam masala. Reduced butter to about 1.5 tablespoons. Served with lentil shelf-stable indian packages from Trader Joe's. Added pinenuts for extra crunch - no cashews on hand.
I thought this was really good. I think it would be even better with chicken broth instead of water. It reminded me of a dish at I like at a local Indian restaurant. Next time I might add some currants or cashews. Definately a keeper.
Not a one-dish dinner. I used chicken stock instead of water and curry paste instead of curry powder. The result was an Indian flavoured rice pilaf that would make a nice bed for Tandoori chicken along with a something a little sweet like fresh mango salsa.
This was just a ordinary pilaf- no really great taste. I would increase the curry powder if I ever make it again- I wont though.I love curried anything as a rule-however, I think the chicken broth did not serve the peas well. Also maybe the curry spices were a bit much for the crispy pods-this whole recipe was just not my cup of tea.
I used sugar snap peas and asparagus spears, no chicken broth. I sauteed them in butter and chipotle flavored olive oil. Delicious!
Our company loved the recipe. I increased the liquid and added butter sauteed sliced small mushrooms. My company said it was a Gourmet dish.
I made this only with plain frozen green peas and added some chicken breast, and it was great! Really intense flavor. I had to reduce the sauce about 3 minutes longer than the recipe calls for.
My husband adores peas and thought this dish was excellent.Both my Pennsylvania Dutch grandmothers made this, but they added a bit of sugar to the dressing, making it sweet and sour.
I used this recipe with one little tweek. I was making this as super for myself and my grandma. She wears dentures so when making the bacon dressing I let the dandelion greens wilt in it to make them softer and I served it over toast. It was a wonderful dinner for the season.
As someone who lives in Germany, I say that this IS a German salad. In fact, I have a bunch of L÷wenzahn (dandelion greens) in my fridge right now, I was looking for something new to do with them. This salad is almost exactly what my (german) mother-in-law makes, except she adds mustard and maggi to her dressing, and hard-boiled egg to the salad. Whoever says 'dandelion greens aren't german' has never been to Germany. Rant aside, this salad is delicious (also with mΓche, which has a longer season) and is often found on the menu in our apartment.... guten Appetit!
I couldn't resist. To the cook from Beverly Hills, the person from PA is saying that although bacon dressing is Germanic, dandelion greens are not. She obviously knows what PA Dutch is. She's not the stupid one here. Oh, and I thought this recipe was very good for the amount of effort required. I made it less salty by using pancetta instead of bacon.
I don't understand why there is an argument going on as to where this recipe or the ingredients originated. To the author that started the argument who is aparently from PA, how do you NOT know that Pennsylvania Dutch IS German! Duh! You are from PA? I am trying this dressing tonight on spinach. Yum.
good base to adapt... had seen dandelion so saved recipe but had to substitute curly endive, then couldn't get shallots so saute'd cooking onion... and had some rye bread so cut off the crusts and fried it in the bacon fat. Made a perfect dinner for one tossed in a bowl with a glass of merlot.
Wow! This was SO salty! The dressing is good, but don't put the 1/4 t of salt it calls for. Served with spinach salad
Dandelions are not just african and middle-eastern. They are sometimes found in Dutch recipes.. after all, dandelions grow in more regions than just warm mediterannean climates!
While the use of bacon dressing is of Germanic origin, including potato salad; dandelion greens have been used for centurys in the Mediterranean,Africa and in the south eastern USA,certainly not a Pennsylvania Dutch contribution! It is essential you use the most tender leaves and not just from anywhere because of pesticides etc. that might contaminate the leaves. We like this as a base on which we place a nicely grilled strip steak.
i couldn't believe it when i saw this recipe here! it's a traditional pennsylvania dutch dish that we make every easter. if can be very bitter if the dandelion is not young. we have to get the dandelion from the farmer's market or our yard...i can't imagine where you would be able to buy it in other parts of the country.I added seared scallops to this dish and sauteed red onions for color. The sweetness of the scallops works well with the bitterness of the greens. I think this dish tastes better with a vinegrette that is more acidic so I used lemon instead of balsamic vinegar. I've also tried this dish with a poached egg that is still a bit runny on the inside--the runny yolk, toasted nuts and greens is an amazing combo.
This is good. Especially with the cornmeal fried fish. The secret to dandelion greens is the age- go for small new leaves- and the price, which should be free. Even if you live in an apartment, there must be someplace you can go to pick fresh organic dandelions!
We ate this salad with some cornmeal crusted fried fish and it was great. The bitterness of the greens complemented the fried food like crazy. Also, a tip I got from Cooks Illustrated for wilted salads is to saute some chopped red onions or whatever else you like in the oil (or bacon fat) for the vinaigrette. The extra solids keep the vinaigrette hot long enough to get perfect wilting. In this case, the sweetness of the red onions also helped the bitterness a little. But I like bitter greens anyway.
Dandelion greens ARE bitter and this recipe doesn't help matters. There are some nice recipes out there that incorporate dandelion greens but this is not one of them.
OK, is it me, or are dandelion greens insanely bitter? I bought a bunch at the farmer's market here in San Francisco, and made this recipe, only I opted to saute the greens on the vinagrette a bit, so they wilted. The end result was so bitter we couldn't eat it. Are dandelion greens just like that, or was my mistake in the choice to cook them?
The vinaigrette is awesome but the greens I used were maybe too old; they were really stem-y. Maybe I should have used just the top part of the leaves. I love the vinaigrette on arugala salad with pears though.
First try was only one-fork, but then again I hate hazelnut flavoring in my coffee. By substituting pecans for the hazelnuts (everything else as in the original) it became a 3-fork! recipe. With bread and coarsely grated parmesan: g-g-great!I turned to this icing recipe after I had totally ruined a more involved butter cream one. I cut the sugar to 3 cups and used a whole stick of butter and probably 3 tbl of coffee. It made enough to ice a 2 layer cake and everyone raved about it. It was still sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Plus it was sooo much easier than the initial butter cream recipe I attempted. I will definitely use this again.
I turned to this icing recipe after I had totally ruined a more involved butter cream one. I cut the sugar to 3 cups and used a whole stick of butter and probably 3 tbl of coffee. It made enough to ice a 2 layer cake and everyone raved about it. It was still sweet but not overwhelmingly so. Plus it was sooo much easier than the initial butter cream recipe I attempted. I will definitely use this again.
I WISH I had read the last review before I used the buttercream recipe -- horrible! Super sweet and a weak, pocky texture. Just say no!
2 stars for the icing. Ick. Way, way too sweet. Even the kids say too sweet. It tastes like you are licking the powdered sugar right out of the bag. I am disappointed!
I am a sugar junkie, and thus ignored the previous reviews. Foolish me. Trust me, people: this is TOO MUCH sugar, no matter how much you love the stuff.
Buttercream icing? More like sugar icing. Way to sweet, and I only used 4 cups of sugar. next time will add some milk and and extra stick of butter.
I made this exactly as written and in my opinion--it was dry. The frosting was the only redeeming quality (moisture-wise). Next time I will add 1 cup buttermilk and 1/2 cup canola oil. Deliscious flavor though, and no leftovers at work.
The cake is decent. I found it to be slightly dry and crumbly which wasn't exactly what I was hoping for, but still good. The icing recipe barely works. I added a bunch more butter and then some cream to get a passable icing - I would not make the icing again and would recommend using a different recipe all together.
It sounds gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
It sounds gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood
The cake is not dry, but is crumbly. It doesn't have a tremendous chocolate taste. The buttercream is much too sweet and too thick, even after adding all the coffee. I wouldn't make it again.
I found the cake to be moist and quite delicious. Doubled the ingredients because I have a family that loves cake and one day later, one of the cakes is finished :- )
My brother and I decided that this cake would be great for my mother's birthday. However, we had to alter this recipe just a tad. The cake turned out amazingly fluffy. It felt like a pillow when it came out of the oven. However, the icing was a bit different. We were surprised at how much sugar it required therefore we made the recipe have 4 cups of sugar, rather than 6. In addition, we added 1/3 cup of milk to the icing to make it thick. There was an uneven amount of dry and wet ingredients. With those minimal alterations we came out with a beautiful and tasty cake. :)With an additional egg and some extra cocoa these cupcakes were delicious! I didn't have fresh mint, so I actually used dried mint re-hydrated with a little water. I would certainly make these again.
cupcakes are delicious, but they take a lot to make, these are not simple cupcakes, the frosting recipe didn't set up for me :(
I'm sorry there's no "zero forks" to give this recipe. It was so hideous that I took only one bite and spit it out. Tasted like toothpaste and was heavy as a brick. The instructions are defective, and it makes twice the amount expected. Time to yank this one, as it's not up to epicurious standards at all.
I am suprised no one mentioned the "frosting" for this recipe, which is really a ganache. I had no creme de menthe, so I used mint extract, and I was put off by the off-white color of the final product. Maybe I should have tinted it green. The cupcakes themselves taste good but are heavy, not fluffy like I expect cupcakes to be. The use of fresh mint in the batter is refreshing, and probably the only part of this recipe that I will use again.
After reading the reviews I still decided to try this one. Here is what I did to solve the issues: I halved the recipe using two eggs instead of 1.5. I added the flour when the other reviewers did, after the chocolate. To up the chocolate flavour I added two heaping tbls of cocoa at the end and some peppermint essential oil to intesify the mint flavour. They came out perfectly!!!!! Highly reccomend modified recipe.
I too had to figure out when to add the flour. But beyond that the taste was bland. The frosting looked minty green when I added the cream de menthe, not at all like the photo. Oh, and I made 24 mini cupcakes and 12 regular sized with the batter. Bottom line...not worth the effort.
We noticed the same mistake in the recipe and added the flour at the same point as the first reviewers and it worked fine. Also found that this recipe made MUCH MORE than 24 mini-cupcakes. We ended up with 24 mini's plus an 8-inch round layer. The cake recipe was interesting (ricotta, walnuts & fresh mint) but it didn't taste as interesting as it sounded - moist and soft but kind of blah - not quite chocolatey enough. To make up for this, we dipped the mini cupcakes in some dark chocolate mint ganache before swirling with the white chocolate mint frosting.
So, what do you do with the flour mixture? We're making these right now, and decided to mix it in after adding the chocolate/butter. Please fix the recipe!I have made this cake several times and it is always perfect--everyone loves it.
I was disappointed with this cake. The taste was only okay and the layers were quite thin and crumbly though the cake wasn't dry. I threw out the recipe -- there are so many better chocolate cake recipes out there.
Great cake, however, the layers were only 1/2" thick. Would definately make again, only I would double the recipe.I find this a good starting point for a party enchilada recipe -- I make it in a larger dish and add bunches of cilantro and a lot more cheese. I also added chipotle chiles to the sauce and nixed the vinegar and bread crumbs. It has been a big hit every time I make it!
This sauce was really quite strange. Something about bread crumbs and vinegar. It was at once soupy and strangely textured...grainey. And red chiles are sharp enough flavored to not need vinegar. I think I'll stick with a good, hard-to-screw up, Chile Colorado when I'm making red enchiladas from now on.
I loved the sauce in this recipe. I did add about two teaspoons sugar to the sauce. Next time I make this recipe I will roll the enchiladas instead of using the stacking method. I love no meat dishes, but meat could be added easily to the recipe, especially if you rolled the tortilla. I think the sauce makes this recipe.
I'm sorry to be so negative, but this recipe realy let me down. First of all, it was a soupy mess. Apparently the enchilada sauce (which did have good flavor) should be cooked down more than indicated by the recipe. We also thought the enchiladas were much too onion-y and that the black olives didn't work well in the dish. I'd give this recipe less than one fork if I could.This is way too complicated and not very good. Just mix lemon juice and powdered sugar and your done.
This is great icing! We used it on sugar cookies, and we were very impressed with how easy it was to make and how delicious it was. Sam is very impressed with how it hardens after awhile, which makes the decorated cookies easy to transport.
These were a HUGE hit with the college kids and teenagers. They traveled well in college "care packages." I iced mine with a royal icing recipe using a color flow technique. Yummy!
I made this icing to go with the sugar cookies and it came out great. I spread in all over the cookie in a thin layer which seems to be the perfect amount so the cookie isn't too sweet. The icing dried hard enough to doodle on with food coloring markers. Fun and tasty.Good but not great. Recipe needed more tomatoes - the four I used were not enough and much less olive oil. Better to lightly brush some olive oil on with a pastry brush - one or one and a half tablespoons would have been quite sufficient.
The dough was out of control and ended up being about 4 inches thick. Because of this the cheese and olive oil all pooled together in the center and the whole thing was a disaster. Next time will use dough in traditional pizza form and the dish will hopefully be better.
A simple and easy pizza. Next time I will try fresh oregano instead of basil, or in addition to it, for a variation. I used homegrown tomatos as I had some to use up. One could easily add meat or chicken, but I liked it as is. My (very picky) husband liked it too!We have a chestnut tree in the back yard, has anyone tried this recipe with fresh chestnuts?
Our dinner guests were all pleased with this appetizer. We served it with a cranberry chutney and it was a lovely compliment.
Maybe I did something wrong, but I made these and everyone thought they were horrible.
Great recipe! I have made it many times for the hollidays. Make sure to prepare it ahead of time and leave overnight in the refrigerator. That will make much easyer to roll for deep frying.very light tender delicious// try it
This dish was definitely nothing spectacular. Try another recipe for Denver french toast, and you probably won't be disappointedI have to take issue with both reviewers here; first of all, these are dessert pancakes, so I don't know what the big deal is about the whipped cream (which is actually much lighter than the thick custard!). Also, I don't know what size pan the first reviewer used, but I got 20 pancakes out of mine. You just want pan coverage, not any more than that. If you get hung up on a scant 1/4 cup for each one, you're going to simply use too much batter at a time. I probably used a full 1/8th cup per pancake (which really are as much crepes as I've ever had). The Pernod was a very subtle addition; the custard WAS too thick as the first reviewer said. I took my immersion blender to it and I think that's fixed it...about to serve it to hungry opera singers! Having returned from serving, one person claimed it was the favorite thing I had made yet; I still think I would cut back the corn starch to 1/4 cup and then take it off the heat a little sooner, as it was already firming up before it ever "boiled". Simple accompaniments, and very subtle. Elegant. And a nice crepe recipe to use in other applications...blintzes, anyone?
was assigned this for our gourmet group...the pancake batter only makes 8 crepes...not 16...had to do it twice and if you look at the recipe you'd notice it says use a scant 1/4 cup but there is less than 2 cups total of liquid. Also it says to make the custard thick but it was too thick when it set...ended up "slicing" it...and no need to stain it. Overall good flavor...I used Ouzo. Just needs to be tweaked.
I would just like to stick to custard topping. Wouldn't like to have cream(just like how pancakes are mostly served) because we all know that it's full of fat and if I have too much fat in the morning I sluggish the whole day. Is there another topping you could recommend? :) Thanks :)
I will just stick to the custard but not the cream, too much fat I guess in the morning makes me sluggish the whole day. Are there any other cream aside from custard that you recommend? Thanks :)Very disappointing recipe. Way too much salt and very dense. I did not serve to my guests. I had to start from scratch and make a new recipe.
This was great and I will make again. The cheddar makes it rich, but that's OK. It is a good vegetarian maindish for a picnic. The cheddar does add salt, so I cut back on the amount called for.
I was not fond of this one at all. Try taking out the cheddar and adding in 3T of cream cheese, lowering the salt to 1/4t and upping the dry mustard 1 1/2t. Now THAT'S deviled eggs.
These were allright... but not special. I never made deviled eggs before. But I think next time I will search for a recipe with a little more zing. And I think perhaps the cheddar makes it a little too rich. A recipe with some minced pickles or bell peppers would be more to my liking.
I made this recipe for Easter apps and I really liked it alot. It calls for way too much salt so I reduced it. I will make these again. I love Worcestershire.
I have had nothing but success with this recipe. These eggs disappear the moment they hit the table.
These eggs were way too salty and tasted a little "off" - so much so, that I decided against serving them to my guests. From now on, I won't try to get creative with deviled eggs - simple and traditional is the way to go!This is a regular feature for Christmas at our house. I have made this recipe four times now and have requests for repeats for our family beach trip each year. Easy and very good!
Those others are crazy! It was easy and, thought I am not a great lover of biscotti, it was the best I've ever had! Perhaps that's because it was sweeter than I'm used to. I did cook it considerably longer than the recipe said and left it in the warm oven to dry out longer.
Biscotti. one of the worst I have ever tried...
Not like any traditonal biscotti.
This recipe might make a nice chocolate pecan teabread, if baked longer in one loaf pan - but biscotti? Absolutely not! Not the right shape, size, or texture. There are far better chocolate biscotti recipes out there. Try the double chocolate walnut bicotti, (Gourmet, November, 1994) with pecans, if you want. It is in the Epicurious.com file, too.
These cookies got rave reviews from everyone who sampled them. Very easy to make -- I'm definitely adding them to my repertoire. Hazelnuts would make a nice substitution for the pecans.No bad....ííííNO GOOD!!!!. My own recipe is better. Brownies were just tasteless.
It turned out quite well. Make sure you don't overcook these brownies, for they cooked quite fast in my oven. They were a little time-consuming to make, but that's only because I'm twelve years old, and not used to cooking by myself. I didn't use any cream cheese, but the filling still turned out very tasty. Delicious!
A co-worker made these brownies and they were fantastic!
I NEED HOW TO MAKE CHOCOLATE (CACO POWDER + BETTER+ MILK + SUGER( THE PERCENTAGE AND HOW TO MELTmy husband and i thought this recipe made pretty good corn muffins, although i did use 2/3 cup milk. otherwise, followed the recipe as written and they came out yummy and plenty moist. ate them warm, right out of the oven. will see how they do as leftovers.
I used Marie Callendar corn bread mix and also added more (soy) milk (a couple tablespoons), and two tablespoons of whole milk yogurt and more corn and cheese. I've served it to kids and parents alike and everyone liked them, especially warm. Add chopped cooked bacon for a breakfast muffin.
I feel lucky that I not only read the reviews, but have some experience in upgrading recipes...this recipe as is could not have come out well! I used 3/4c milk, double the corn kernels (super sweet yellow is the variety I chose), less basil, and more than double the cheese. The cheese was completely impossible to taste in the final product. Next time, I might try cheddar cheese to get some flavor. This recipe is something I would make again, but ONLY with MAJOR changes.
the recipe is dry, but I added some more milk and oil before baking. I had read what others wrote so that helped alot. I also added some more corn kernels and cheese. I think I would have added more cheese. It still was a little dry but I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if I had not added some more wet igredients. I think I would have still added more. It was still a little dry.
Oh boy, here is another groaner. My family did not enjoy these in the least. They were so dry that I was thankful that I have my own teeth. Do they just let anyone post recipes on here? Not wanting to waste any food, I tried soaking them in milk the next day to make them edible...didn't work. I ended up throwing them to the dogs. If anyone has any advise, please email me with it. I really liked the way it sounded, but, it tasted just awaful.
Pretty good. You definitely have to eat these right away, before they cool off. Also, I added a little can of diced jalapeno chili peppers -- thank-you very much to other cooks' comments!
Sounded better than it tasted. I don't think that the ratio of liquid to dry ingredients was correct. Muffins were "gritty" from the dry cornmeal. I lessened the baking time by 5 mins. because my oven is convection, and they still came out very dry.
Very easy and delicious! I added the jalapeno pepper to the batter and got rave reviews on this. By the way, I doubled the recipe and it came out fine.
Easy and excellent. I added chopped jalepeno peppers to one batch, and it was also good.Mine came out more like "Hint of Mint" than double mint. I guess it depends on the size of the bunch of mint that you buy. Still, it was a pleasant compote - I couldn't find kiwis yet so I substituted mangoes. Mint & mangoes go great together. This definitely wasn't a flop, but next time I make a compote I'll go for something else instead.
This was a simple, light and elegant fruit salad. I left out the bananas and used assorted melons, strawberries and kiwi. The doublemint syrup was very tasty and gave the fruit a little burst of flavor. The recipe make quite a lot of syrup though. If you use all of the syrup you will lose the flavor of the fruit.This was a lot of work for a so-so result. Also I don't know why it calls for almonds because the cherry and chocolate flavors completely overwhelmed them. If texture was the object, then walnuts are cheaper and would have sufficed.
This recipe had several things wrong with it. The cooking time was off by 40 mins. You need to let the dough sit at room temperature for about 20 minutes before rolling. Also, make sure you close all the seams carefully so that the filling doesn't run out like one of mine did. Be careful when slicing so the bar stays intact. Lastly, it is a great combination of ingredients but perhaps someone should try it with an egg wash before baking to soften up the dough. I dusted with confectioners sugar afterward. I will make this again with these modifications.
I made this recipe and got rave reviews on it. I found the dough a bit hard to get to size, but on the 2nd try had an easier time. I also recommend chopping the cherries to smaller pieces. And, don't spread the fillings to the short edges, only the one long edge, otherwise sealing the ends becomes quite tough & goopy. Finally, I think the cooking time should be 20 minutes, not 1hr 20 minutes since mine got pretty brown in 30 minutes, not golden - hate to see what would have happened after another hour. I am making it again tonite and saving the recipe for many future makings.
I found this dough dry and hard to work with ... when rolling the strudels, the filling kept piercing the dough. After baking, there were puddles of caramelized filling, which made removal from parchment difficult, as well as rendering the final result sticky and hard to chew. Because I like the flavor combination, I might try adapting this filling to a phyllo dough strudel. I would also chop the dried cherries into smaller pieces, and perhaps soak them in a little rum or cherry juice ahead of time.The flavors didn't meld for me at all - the grapefruit was nice, but a weird contrast to the big pieces of dried fruit.
This is wonderful! I made it after a Christmas brunch and served it with assorted cookies. It was a refreshing and delightful combination and a light, healthy alternative to traditional, heavy holiday desserts. My guests all loved it and asked for more!These were delicious however I needed to add at least 3 more tablespoons of milk and the pan needed to only be medium hot. My first batch burnt because the pan was too hot. With these adjustments the recipe was great and went down a storm in my house.
This recipe was so disappointing! I made it with a Brit friend of mine and it was nothing like what she grew up with. The consistency of the mixture is way too thick, 'very hot pan' scorched my first batch to the point when I had to throw it out. I suggest that you cross check this recipe with other versions you can find. 'It turned out dreadfull!', is what the Brit said.
Thisis a delicious recipe although it needed about 2 tablespoons of milk extra then its perfect - the tea towel system works a treat , they're easy and quick to make , mouth- wateringly delicious to eat and lot more relaxed then normal pancakes. These will definetly become a usual in our house!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Very good recipe, Bit like the ones we used to eat growing up in Scotland (A traditional teatime snack). Bit less sugar and and a wee drop more milk worked great for me. Thanks
This was good. One thing you have to do is press down on them so all of the batter will get cooked. Dont turn the tempature so high, they will burn faster than they will get cooked. If too plain, add chocolate chips or cinnamon. D
good taste and thick battter was stiff to stir but cooked up great. add milk if too thick?>
I'm so dissapointed about this one. The batter was fairly stiff which didn't match the description from the recipe ("smooth batter"). I tried to thin it with an extra couple of tbs of milk but that didn't do much to make it smooth and I was nervous about changing the quanties more than that. I'm not sure if I had the heat too hot ("Pan needs to be pretty damned hot" is apparently not medium or medium high in a calphalon professional anodized skillet) because the outsides browned extremely rapidly while the insides were raw (probably also because the batter wasn't liquid enough?). The taste was very good and I like that the ingredients are always available, so if someone could clarify the consistency and temperature issue I would try again.Very tasty rub.
I think this rub is delicious. It was a lifesaver for me. Prior to trying this rub I had no idea how to season meat therefore leaving my dinners tasting blah. I was mixing all the wrong ingredients together and not much flavor was coming out of it. I ordered Daisy's cook book and gave it a shot and now I use it on everything. My meals now have flavor! I def recommend.
I cut the salt by half and added some rubbed sage (about as much sage as oregano). used it in the related pork recipe and loved it
Come on Epicurious, surely you can do better than this... BLAH!!!!!!I used 2 TBS of salt for 6 legs and thighs. 3 days marrinating. Used fresh thyme and skipped the pepper. Cooked for 4 hours in rendered duck fat. Check Amazon for less expensive duck fat than recommended in the recipe. It came out very good but I prefer the other recipe better.
This recipe is so great! I made it for Christmas dinner and everybody loved it. Definitely not too salty. Did the other reviewers forget to thoroughly rinse the salt mixture from the duck legs before cooking them in the duck fat? That would make a huge difference.
Holy Saltfest! The first time I made this I marinated it for 3 days so I blamed the incredible saltiness on the length of marinating. I tried it again and marinated it for just under 24 hours - still way too salty. The texture is perfect so I will hunt down another recipe or omit the salt altogether. The Asian Noodle dish in the same issue is THE way to use this. My butcher said scrambled eggs are great fried in duck fat, btw.
The duck was tender and moist, but I thought it was way too salty. My dinner guest loved it.
THe duck was tender and moist, but I thought it was way too salty. My dinner guests loved it.It made a great appetizer for our Thanksgiving! No leftovers here! Shelled my own fresh crab (more affordable) for approx. 12 oz. To boost the flavor, added 1/2c. flaked minced salt cod that had been soaked and simmered. Used fresh local cream cheese, and more sharp cheddar than was called for. Try topping with paprika.
To the reviewer from Key West - the recipe didn't call for pig trotters either... This is however one of those dartboard recipes (throw the dart at any list of ingredients). Sad.
Perhaps it's the fact that there are no heirloom tomatoes in the heirloom tomato bean brandade.
I was very disappointed with this recipe. Way too bland for the time, trouble, and expense involved, and the taste of the crab itself was too muted. I added some Adobe sauce from a can of Chipotle Peppers in Adobe to try to give the dish more depth and heat, which helped some... but not enough. There are much better crab appetizer recipes out there. I won't be making this one again.
I have to respectfully disagree with the other reviewers -- I made this for a cocktail party and the dish was cleaned out by the end of the night. It's got a more subtle (and heartier) flavor than a straight-up crab/cheese dip, which might put some people off. I too used Great Northern beans (not a problem here) and substituted lump crabmeat for the harder-to-find Dungeness.
The flavors of the yummy and very expensive ingredients such as the crab and the cheese were overwhelmed by the bean flavor. I could not find marrow beans even at Whole Foods so I substituted Great Northern and maybe that was the problem. I served it as an appetizer for Thanksgiving and it was hardly touched. Very disappointing.
not very good. served this at thanksgiving and everybody took one bite and never touched it again!
Oops! The correct spelling is dungeness. Living here in the Northwest, we see the word everyday!To the Cook of NY. Put the mixture in the freezer and give it a good stir every hour until it is completely frozen (the goal is to prevent the sorbet from forming a block of "ice"). When doing fruit sorbets, I put the frozen sorbet in my Cuisinart, add one egg white and turn the machine on for one or two minutes. Gives a great texture. Should work the same with this (haven't had time to try this recipe).
Deliciou! What else can I say!
I don't have an ice cream maker. How else can this recipe be made? I really want to try it.
We made only the cranberry sorbet. It was VERY sweet; in fact, we thawed it the next day and doubled the recipe but excluded the sugar. It then froze to a nice consistency and was flavorful, but not good enough to make again.My four forks rating is based on my modifications: Only boil brocoli for 4 or 5 minutes, not 10! Add lots of cooked hot italian sausage, carmelize the onions and also saute three cloves minced garlic, generous amount of italian seasonings added to cheese mixture, as well as salt and fresh black pepper. Top with italian bread crumbs. SO yummy!
Oh, I've already reviewed but recalled that we added Gruyere, sauteed and crumbled bacon and also blanched the broccoli prior to cooking so it would be a lovely green when it came out. It doesn't resemble the orgiinal recipe but with all the cheese additions and seasonings, I really think it was great for a holiday serving. Everyone really raved about this years concoction. One of these years I will rewrite the recipe and post.
I've made this recipe at least 4 times now and each time I add to it. I'm not measuring because it doens't seem to matter much. I don't find it as flavorful as I'd like so I add in a lot. I've cut up shallots and garlic and sauteed to carmelize. I've added a lot of feta and many other stronger cheeses. Asiago, Parm, and others are great all together in this (yes, with the chedder and feta). And yet it STILL absorbs in and doesn't make it too cheesy. The addition of Shallots and garlic really helped. I mix in italian bread crumbs and also panko on top mixed with garlic butter and that is popular. Sorry to not review the actual but I can say that I'll make this again, and continue to add seasonings!
Blah, it may be a regional specialty somewhere, but I'm certainly not persuaded of its charms. The kids wouldn't eat much of it, I ended up having to eat the leftovers myself. The leftovers are more or less passable heated up with lots of salsa and some sour cream in a wrap.
after reading the recipe and the reviews i made some modifications. I sauted the onions before adding them to the mixture. I also increased the cheese
Based on the reviews, I made serious modifications. I added pan roasted sliced onions and 'smashed' garlic cloves (add cloves to roasted onions about halfway through the roasting process), used a cup or so of Gruyere cheese versus cheddar and ricotta (though cheddar would be fine), and added my secret ingredient, thick yummy Horizon's organic sour cream--two or three tablespoons. When I popped it into the oven, I added plain bread crumbs and sprinkled on garlic powder, and fresh coarsely ground black pepper. When I served the concoction, I finished each individual serving with a sprinkle of kosher salt. While only a ghost of the original recipe, it was delicious.
Blech. The sauce was a lovely consistency but the final dish tasted almost like nothing. You'd think you'd be able to at least taste the onion but no. The only flavor I noticed was a mild hint of ricotta cheese, which isn't bad but isn't delicious, either. I used two supermarket heads of broccoli, which gave me a little over five cups of chopped pieces. That seemed a decent proportion of veggie to sauce. Be sure to drain the broccoli well, as it will make the dish watery if you don't. I don't know why the combination was less than the sum of its parts but it was.
Before making this dish, I read all of the reviews so I knew to make a few modifications. I used a full cup of cheddar cheese and crushed up croutons mixed with melted butter for a top crust. The crust definitely added flavor, but the dish was still a little dry overall. Maybe add a little more milk next time or try a different casserole all together.
I tried this recipe b/c I thought it sounded like a fancier version of my gram's cheesewhiz rice concoction i loved growing up. We caramelized the onion and added garlic and upped the (sharp) cheddar but this was well-nigh flavorless. the texture would have been good had we boiled the broccoli 3 or 4 minutes. maybe a good base to start from, but the blandest recipe ive attempted on this site. BEWARE!
I tried this recipe b/c I thought it sounded like a fancier version of my gram's cheesewhiz rice concoction i loved growing up. We caramelized the onion and added garlic and upped the (sharp) cheddar but this was well-nigh flavorless. the texture would have been good had we cooked the broccoli 3 or 4 minutes. maybe a good base to start from, but one of the blandest recipes ive attempted on this site. BEWARE!
This was my first attempt at brocolli casserole, and it turned out wonderfully. I cut the vegetables more coarsely because my family likes the "crunch" rather than the "mush". Also, if you cook it in a caserole dish, it might be necessary to cook it at a slightly higher temperature for slightly longer than the recipe says.
I thought this was good. I carmelized the onions as other readers suggested, used extra sharp cheddar and added garlic/butter panko on top. I think the carmelized onions, sharp cheese and garlic avoided the "bland" issue that other people were having. I might skip the milk/cornstarch next time because I think it makes it too watery. I will definitely make it again - it's easy and worth a try.
This is so good my boyfriend requested it the next day and my kids declared that they love spinach! I did make quite a few mods, however. I used 8 oz of extra sharp cheddar, 1/2 cup of asiago, 1/2 cup of parmesan, skipped the cornstarch/milk, carmelized the onion in 1/2 stick of butter and 4 cloves of garlic prior to adding it to the mixture, and used half a bag of frozen broccoli and half a bag of frozen spinach. Divine!
I found this recipe simple and tasty, but would definitely saute the onions before adding them to the casserole.
This wasn't bad but nothing special, as stated by the postscript 'simplicity from a monastery kitchen'. I guess the taste depends largely on the kind of cheese you use. I used Gouda cheese but I suppose something like Parmesan or even ricotta would have added more flavour. Apart from that I thought cooking the broccoli first for ten minutes and then baking it for another thirty minutes was way too long. My broccoli had turned too mush which I don't like; it should remain a bit crunchy. Five minutes of cooking and fifteen minutes of baking should be sufficient.
This was a bit different than I have previous done with broccoli. It was quite good. Its nice to serve with a red meat dish
Wanting to appeal to the non-adventurous, seldom-eating vegetable diner at my Thanksgiving table, I chose this recipe - thinking anything tastes good with cheese. How wrong I was! Even after altering the recipe with more interesting cheeses and creating a breadcrumb-parmesan topping, this dish was still terribly bland. Broccoli never tasted worse.
I made this for Thanksgiving and it was a real hit. I used 1 full cup of aged cheddar cheese and then another 1/2 of cup of asiago cheese with the ricotta. I also sprinkled Pepperidge farm cornbread stuffing with butter on the top. The stuffing stayed very crunchy and gave a great texture. Family members wanted this recipe.
Took this dish to a dinner party tonight and my friend Jan placed the leftover dish in front of her and finished it off!! Made a few changes based on the reviews and other recipes. I added a tablespoon of dijon mustard - for a needed kick, didn't have ricotta cheese - used cottage cheese, and instead of softening the corn starch in milk, I used yogurt. I also added fresh bread crumbs as a topping using a baggette and german dark bread mixed with parm cheese. We all enjoyed this dish. Especially Jan! Will definately make it again. Travels well and would be great during the holidays.
The core of this recipe is solid, but it veers toward being a bit bland. To remedy, I used a mixture of stronger-flavored cheeses like smoked white cheddar, sharp white cheddar, and some assagio mixed with the bread crumbs for the crust. What's great though is the texture-- broccoli is not overcooked at all, and the cheese mixture is the right thickness.
I added crushed garlic and minced dried onion flakes. Also instead of 1/3 c of grated cheddar, I used a good cup of grated sharp cheddar, and increased the amount of fresh onion to one large. Thought it would be a bit bland if the extras weren't added.
Just OK. I made this for Christmas - there were plenty of leftovers and no one took seconds of this dish. I made it exactly as stated and it was a bit bland. I can't really put my finger on the problem - nothing horrible, but nothing very good either.
This was the 2nd Thanksgiving that I've used this recipe, with my family heavily requesting it from me. I added a lot more cheese than the recipe calls for, and used a colby-cheddar-jack blend inplace of just the cheddar, and it came out a lot better than last years. If you follow the recipe on the amt of cheese to add, it'll come out dry...that's probably because of what the author considered to be medium heads of brocolli and what I thought medium was. It's not the spiciest dish in the world, but it is a good solid traditional-type dish to add to a large dinner like Thanksgiving without it getting lost among all the other dishes. Like I said, my family all liked it enough to ask for it again a year later.
I sauteed the onions which was good and also added additional cheese, but still bland!
My family liked this. I added some dijon mustard and minced garlic to spice it up a bit, and I added more cheese just because we like cheese. The only change I would make would be to saute the onions before adding them to the casserole--they're too strong and crunchy otherwise.
This recipe sounded very good, however the sauce was rather bland. I used sharp cheddar cheese, and actually way more than called for. I did not think it was terrible, but not good enough to ever consider making again.
I made this dish for Christmas dinner. Instead of four heads of broccoli I used two bags from a three bag package purchased at BJ's wholesale club. The package included cauliflower, broccoli, carrots, zucchini and squash. I went according to the recipe and it was delicious. Just a tip be sure there is a generous amount of cheese mixture poured over the vegies or the casserole may end up dry.
Boy, I don't know what I did wrong: mine turned out horrribly. Not nearly enough "sauce" for 4 medium heads of broccoli...I don't think I've ever mixed cornstarch into a mixture that wasn't hot.
The casserole is much better with one thawed bag of frozen spinach. Oherwise use much less broccoli. It's also a good idea to be generous with the cheese.
I doubled this recipe and made it as side dish for Easter dinner, everyone loved it and I had no leftovers. I was worried that the broccoli would be over cooked with blanching and 30 minutes in the oven, but it was still bright coloured and fresh tasting, I would definitely make this dish again.
This was a simple souffle that worked well as a side dish. I wouldn't try to serve this as a main course...even for a vegitarian. I used about 1/2 teaspoon of salt and may use a little more next time. I only used about 1 1/2 "store" bunches of broccoli. I baked in a souffle dish at 375 for 35 minutes.I was really disappointed with this recipe. Out of all recipes for apple cake, crumble or squares, I would rate this one of the worst. The combination of the crumb mixture and the dense cake mixture was not a match. The only thing that made this cake better was the vanilla ice cream. If you are torn between recipes to make that are similar to this one, I encourage you not to pick this one.
i needed a fast recipe for a last minute dessert and i had all these ingredients. that's what it was good for...it didn't have enough batter to cover the crust, it was just strange. It's like the 13x9 was too big for the recipe. i wouldn't bother with it if you're looking for a good recipe.
Quick and delicious! I used 2 mcintosh apples (will try 3 next time), low fat cinnamon graham cracker and sprinkled the top with demerara sugar. Should be great for breakfast!
Good idea -- anything with graham crackers is tops with me. But too much sugar. I'll try half the amount of brown sugar and maybe no sugar on top.
I do not recommend this cake at all; there are far better recipes for apple cake available on this website. It's easy to make and I took the last reviewer's suggestion and used 3 apples but I don't see how that helped the taste.
This was a good, quick dessert. I think next time I would use 3 apples, instead of the two. I didn't use a glass baking dish. and I had a slightly different size pan. It took an extra 5 minutes. Good with vanilla ice cream.It was very easy and simple to make. I did make some revisions. I substituted 1/4 of the ricotta cheese for firm tofu crumbled and also blended in 2 cups of steamed spinach. I didn't have fresh basil so I substituted 1 tbsp dried and added 1/2 tbsp dried oregano. All and all yummy and tasty.
Wonton wrappers are a must. I like making variations on the filling -- did pine nuts and spinach, and also carmelized shallots and portabello mushrooms, and also olives with whatever you'd like. Your imagination is the limit. These freeze well too - use wax paper to separate each layer of ravioli.
I thought this was quite good. I did add a few additioal herbs to the filling because I thought it would be to bland otherwise. I added oregano, parsley and chives. Also, I used a 15 oz. can crushed tomatoes with mushrooms and green peppers for the sauce instead of just cut peeled tomato, I believe this gave the sauce more substance. I will make this again. Note: Recipe calls a serving 6 ravioli, that's not much. Figure at least 8-10 ravioli per serving.
I really enjoyed this recipe.I used wonton wrappers, and substituted about 2 tabelspoons of parsley for the basil (I didn't have any on hand). I also threw in a little mozarella cheese that had been grated.
I thought this was way too much work for such bland ravioli. The dough called for was much too thin and didn't hold up well - I will not be making this again.
I used wonton wrappers (not sure of the difference) and we thought it was very tasty, and it didn't take very long to make. I would deffinately make it again.
The thin gyoza dough is interesting, but you may prefer a thicker dough.
This was easy and good. If I made it again I would use a bit less garlic and I love garlic!Way too much soy sauce and therefore too salty..
made this on a whim and it worked out awesome. It's quick and tastes really good!. especially good for college students.
This is not really a "healthy" recipe. Fresh vegetables should probably be substituted, half or all the orange juice should be left out and substituted with orange zest for flavor, more vegetables should be used.....anyway. won't make again. And for taste, DON'T cook your shrimp this long! Shrimp will likely be done cooking in three minutes and will just get rubbery if it cooks longer.
I'm always amazed when recipes call for using frozen vegetables, other than peas. Many fresh vegetables are plentiful, inexpensive and take only a few minutes to prepare. Also, since they are low in calories, why only four ounces per serving?
I'm a little surprised by the calorie count for someone trying to lose weight. You could have 2-3 servings per day without any other food and be done... which would leave me pretty hungry.Nice but nothing special. I added sliced mushrooms and some mustard.
A nice quiche, especially with a homemade whole wheat crust.
I often make this dish for brunches with Salad Nicoise and a white wine.A recipe is needed for this?
This is the most tasty sandwich I have ever had in my life, but I am only 10 so what do I know!?This recipe would turn anyone off fried rice - it is so bland. It needs more onions, carrots, peppers or mushrooms and definitely soy sauce and a pinch of ginger and you would have some flavor!
This is VERY basic and bland. I had never made frid rice before. I had just gotten back from vacation and had barely any groceries. I added one eggplant (diced) and about a cup of cupped spinich which helped, but the soy sauce others reccomended would have helped.
This is definitly a very basic recipe missing a very important ingredient, soy sauce!! Unless you are putting in meats such as roasted pork, you need to add soy sauce to the fried rice.
This is a very basic recipe. For extra flavour, add soy sauce and a little grated ginger.
maybe it was something i didnt do...........but this didnt turn out well because the taste was too bland. maybe someone could give me some pointers because i love the dish but this partyicular recipe didnt go as we thought it would.
Very nice, basic recipe. Great to build on. I used a very high heat once the rice was in there.
This one's a basic, but a great basic. I used a pint of rice left over from an Indian restaurant (though it was packed in so well it was probably three cups before submission to the cardboard box). The Indian spices on the rice--saffron and some other scents, I'm not sure what, made this a fantastic dish. I also used a whole can of canned peas as I like a lot of them and I like it when they're sweeter (and since it was a last-minute dish, I didn't have to wait for the frozen ones to defrost). I would just add that's it's key to use a very large wok or skillet. These ingredients need room to get cooked evenly in the pan. It's a perfect lazy-dish as it literally takes 5 minutes to make and is delicious!
added mixed veggies and soy to the cooking. My rice must have been moist because the cooking time was closer to 20-25 minutes Served with pork and ginger soy glaze from this site. a keeper
Great starter recipe. I substituted sesame oil for the veg oil and added fresh ginger, soy sauce and garlic for taste plus some mixed frozen vegies.
I liked this recipe, it is quick and easy. I also add about 1/2 tsp. Toasted Sesame Seed Oil (more or less to your taste), gives a real nice flavor boost.
Been at this one since I was a kid. I like butter better than oil, and I fry the rice BEFORE pouring the beaten egg over the rice. LOTS of pepper for me, but I skip the salt --because I like to serve egg fried rice with soy sauce as a condiment. Mmmm!
This is my first try at fried rice, and I was suprised at how simple it was. Next time though, I'll add more spices to add a little kick. I substituted yellow onion for scallion (it was all I had) and shoepeg corn and broccoli for peas. The onion was too much - try to stick to scallions.
We serve this frequently at our house -- excellent for adding in all kinds of leftovers! We usually use one egg for each cup of cooked rice. Also, try adding seasoned salt and lots of cilantro. Many possibilities here!Good flavor but on the dry side.I made this to accompany Chicken Schnitzel with Capers and Parsley for a very nice dinner.
This dish is improved greatly with chicken or vegetable stock and more seasoning (fresh herbs, parmesan cheese). It's a great basic which can be morphed to compliment a variety of main courses.
This recipe was very tasty with two additions. After sauteeing the mushrooms, all the butter become absorbed, so I added about 1/2 cup of chicken broth. And at the end, you definitely need to add fresh parmesan cheese. Next time I think I'll also add a little white wine.
Although I jumped at the opportunity to incorporate peas into a pasta side... this dish was pretty bland. Next time I will add more garlic and salt, and maybe some onions to the mix.
I would maybe add some cream of mushroon soup, but other than that it was great.
Lovely! Based on the previous reviews, I added more butter when I added the peas and seasoned well with salt and pepper. It still needed "something" after I combined the noodles, so I added a handful of grated Parmesan cheese and it was perfect.
Very bland. Something just doesn't work with this recipe.
This was a good side dish for a roast chicken or veal. Be sure you add enough salt, and I also used some of the cooking water to increase the moisture. Leftovers were good too.
I would be more careful about adding pepper . . . also, IMHO more of a sauce is needed. I would add some butter & possibly lemon juice.I didn't follow this recipe so I won't rate it. I always cook my eggnog on the stove. I made macaroons and thought it'd be interesting to try it with just the egg yolks. After I started cooking it, I decided to check this recipe to see what it said. I read the reviews and followed the suggestion of adding egg whites after they have been beaten. I added it too fast and it curdled (to fix it I beat it with my mixer, it kinda works). I think next time I will try it with just the egg yolk because it was looking really good. PS: I mixed the yolk and sugar together before adding the milk and nutmeg (I also add cinnamon). Good Luck!
I'm sorry, but this really misses the mark, thin, watery, tastes like stale melted vanilla ice cream.
great, even better if you add two more eggs and a little more sugar!
For a crowd, the Baltimore Eggnog on this site is out of this world. I have made it three years in a row. If there are leftovers it freezes into a wonderful eggnog icecream.
I would love the recipe Sylvia, I don't have a good eggnog recipe and never made eggnog before, I would love my first eggnog to be the best. what is your email?
your right Sylvia, I also have the Betty Crocker cook book, and it is a real good recipe. We make it every year.
this recipe is very bland. it needs a lot of help. i have a much better recipe that i have evolved over a number of years. it makes about 9 5 oz servings per batch.
I agree with every one not pleased with this recipe, especially for just one egg. If anyone would like to try a good eggnog recipe, feel free to email me, and I will send you a GOOD recipe from the Betty Crocker recipe book I've been using for many years now,and it's a hit with family gatherings for the Holidays ;-P!!
My granddaughter Erica who is 13 made this and the secret is to beat it well with each item you add..
I'm looking for a recipe that serves 8 to 12 people. This doesn't sound very promising, even multiplying the ingredients accordingly. One suggestion over use of raw egg, however. Whisk the yolk(s) gently over a double boiler, low low simmer until it appears liquidy. Don't cook it, just warm it up some. Then, put in fridge to cool down. Meanwhile, beat the eggwhite to soft peaks, fold in to cooled yolk then add the milk and other stuff. Too much work for one egg if you ask me!
To me, it just doesn't taste like eggnog. I used whole milk and extra vanilla, like other people said. But oh well, it doesn't taste like it. It's runny...tastes like melted french vanilla ice cream.
Try making eggnog with melted premium vanilla ice cream as the base. Over the top, but no worries about uncooked egg! ;)
I have to agree with the others: this recipe is a little bland. I guess the true flavor in eggnog comes from the brandy and rum. The raw eggs are also a concern (although not a specific problem to just this recipe). Is there a way to make "cooked" eggnog?
Would highly suggest using whole milk and extra vanilla. Beat egg and sugar til it foams. Add your "spice" and it tasted like eggnog to me!
I only marked this as a four because of the ability to make this receipe fit what I needed it for. I woke up this morning with a request from my family for the Egg Nog French Toast, since I did not have any Egg Nog on hand, I used the suggestions from other, added Vanilla Sugar and made a triple batch, holding back on some of the milk as I was using skim and it only made it runny. Have fun with this one it is worth experimenting with.
the taste was dull and if you find my use of words a little crummy it's because i'm only 15.sorry
Eggnog is tastier and more pleasant if you first beat the eggwhites until stiff, add the sugar slowly, the milk and the rest of the ingredients last. Try it with this recipe. I think you will be pleasantly surprised.
I didn't think it tasted like eggnog.
this is a simple recipe to make. however it was a little bland. it could use a touch more sugar and vanilla. also maybe a little heavy cream. a good start be creative.This was a waste of a good aubergine. Just don't do it. And it def needs more grilling than that!
This is a great sandwich that makes me look foward to lunchtime while at work! I also use watercress instead of arugula and it tastes GREAT. add a dash of hot pepper flakes too, mmm!!!! easy. delicious.
To make it even easier, use store bought hummus. Very heathy and nice change from ham & cheese.
This sandwich had a very unique flavor. It was a nice change from your regular meat/cheese sandwiches. I would definitely recommend trying this for something new and light.
Very tasy and quick. I wish restaurants would serve sandwiches like this instead of the usual, boring "smoked turkey and cheese".I want to update my last review; I must have done something wrong, because I made this receipe again and I loved it. Used 3 eggplants for 6 eggs and found it perfect; also, those LEMON WEDGES are essential. Sorry for the confusion.
I love eggplants, but this recipe disappointed me. It is too bland to my taste. Lemon juice helps a bit, but doesn't convince me.
Found that 1 big eggplant was just enough for the rest of the ingredients in amounts as given. We had the leftovers at room temp., and still delicious. Would increase the coriander, and maybe add some cumin next time.
Fantastic, i too used only about a pound of eggplant and used 8 eggs. I left the spices the same and served a Tunisian couscous recipe with speckled red potato sauce (on the side). Fantastic. I'm making it again. the lemon really works on the omelet. I didn't cook it at all in the oven. I used a cast iron skillet and covered the whole thing with aluminium foil instead. The Tunisian couscous recipe was from Madhur Jaffrey's "World vegetarian."
Delicious--with the following changes: I too thought that 3 eggplants for 6 eggs would be excessive, so I used 1 large eggplant, 4 eggs, and halved all of the seasonings. I also let it bake at 300 for 5 minutes, to make sure it was really set. Color looked fine.
There are plenty of other things to do with eggplant. I found the 3 lbs of eggplant just overwhelmed the six eggs. It also came out a sort of gray/green in the middle which didn't appeal to my family too much.I'm a huge eggplant fan so I usually love anything with eggplant in it. I added garlic and after reading some others reviews also added dill and agree it did improve the taste. I thought it was good not great and next time might cut back on the cinnamin and use more garlic.
this dish was extremely tasteless. it was almost reminiscent of oatmeal, the way it hearty & with nuts in it. i added garlic power to the dish to spruce it up a bit but it was just too bland for me. great concept though, i would make it again if i totally tweeked it
i have to admit, i did feel it was a disappointing dish at first, it was reminiscent of oatmeal. but then i added a couple tbs. of granulated garlic and it actually tasted pretty decent after that. i don't know if i would make it again
Sorry, it should have been 3-4 forks
After reading other reviews, I decided to try it making some changes. I used chicken broth instead of water, I lowered the amount of rice fo 3/4 cup and I doubled the amount of raisins and used a heaping tsp of cinnamon. However, in order that it not be mushy, I think it is important that, after draining the eggplant, it should be rolled up in a towel and the eggplant moisture should be pressed out as much as possible. So after all that, I loved it!! Three and a half forks for me!
Very mushy and not enough flavor to make it worth cooking again.
I thought this was OK, but not good enough to make again. There wasn't enough flavor in this dish for all the work that went into it. That said, the addition of the dill really made the dish--I couldn't believe how much it added to the flavor.
Did not like this dish. Too many competing flavors and too mushy texture. WIll NEVER make again. Cannot think of a way to make it better.....
Whoa!....this is the pits! It looks worse than it tastes and it tastes horrible! my family thought I had competely lost it. what a waste of time energy and money.
I liked this, but would fiddle with it a bit. I would suggest adding more cinnamon and cutting back on the oil a bit. Definitely follow the time frame and let the flavors sit and meld. It truly makes all the difference. I used currants, but might even double the amount.
This is so delicious and healthy that it's become one of my staples. Be liberal with the cinnamon. I find it works to substitute almonds for pistachios if you prefer. Brown rice works well, too, if you are patient enough for it. For those looking for an easier version - I haven't yet tried this, but I bet you could saute the onions and then dump them into the rice cooker with everything, saving the eggplant and nuts for the end.
I love eggplant and my husband is a rice lover,and we both like pilafs, so this variation caught my eye.I used chicken broth instead of water, and Craisins AND currants, and we loved it. The eggplant added richness, and the flavors were not overpowering, making it a perfect side to the thick chops in mango reduction sauce we had with it. Yum.
Sooooo yummy! This was fantastic! I made this for a large dinner party, and it was a huge hit. I liked the fact that it was a great side dish, but was substantial enough to be more of a main dish for vegetarians. I'm going to try to whittle it down to make a faster recipe so I can make it all the time!
Not bad. I made this as a main dish. Used jasmine rice, came out great. Next time I would use a little more cinammon, and saute eggplant a bit longer. I also used dried cranberries.
Not my favorite dish. It tasted very thin, without alot of body, like it was missing something. Maybe using chicken broth instead of water would help, but I don't think I'll bother.
This recipe was delicious, however, I added more raisins and cinnamon. One note of caution: be very careful with the basmati rice, mine was completely done after 7 minutes and would've burned had I cooked it longer.
So good! I used jasmine rice instead of basmati and Craisins instead of raisins since that's all I had. It turned out wonderfully! I loved the flavor!
Excellent! I found I needed a bit more oil to fry the eggplant properly, also I did not soak the eggplant in salt water, but salted and let the eggplant sweat, then rinsed prior to frying. I had no raisins or currents so I used barberries, which were a bit tart, I think the sweetness of the raisins would have been much nicer.
I added chicken to make this a main dish. I sliced chicken breasts into 1-inch pieces and sauteed it with the onions, adding extra oil and salt along the way to accommodate. It came out really well. The chicken and the eggplant were very tender, and I loved the combination of flavors (cinnamon, raisins, eggplant). This dish is very easy to prepare and the results are fantastic.
Very tasty, simple and wholesome. A good winter meal.
Very tasty dish, however next time I make it I won't use so much oil or salt. Quick, easy and delicious.
We loved this recipe. My wife and I managed to put it away in two meals, dinner with lamb chops as the entree and lunch the following day. The cinnamon added a unique taste to the rice pilaf.This is a better version of the classic Greek eggplant dip - the walnuts add a much-needed texture and the eggplants aren't as strong and bitter as usual. I used 2 cloves of garlic and substituted rice vinegar for the red wine vinger. I don't usually eat eggplants (I think I might be a little allergic to them) but everyone I served this too told me it was fantastic.
I used pine nuts instead of walnuts, cut the acid in half and didn't worry about removing the seeds and it was delicious.
I was not not "wowed" by this dish. That being said, I liked it and will probably like it more when I do some adjustments. I did the whole thing by hand, so it was very rustic and I seemed to have no problem removing most of the eggplant seeds with a little patience. I did add the vinegar and lemon juice to taste, rather than trust a recipe on blind faith, so I did not find it overly tangy at all. I will probably make this again, but will probably add something green to brighten it up.
I tried this recipe, I adjusted it, and was so disappointed. The terms stunk may not be OK for snobby people trying to be foodies, but for regular cooks trying to excel at home, this was exactly what everyone said: too tangy, acidic, and MOST IMPORTANTLY nobody came back for a second dip, especially me. Perhaps readers should focus on rating the recipe instead of criticising people's reviews: I wish I would have skipped this dog of a recipe and gone for a good baba ganoush instead. Sorry for another bad review but it did indeed suck!
Two words: baba ghanoush.
2tb lemon juice plus 1-2tb vinegar sounds too much. Better not to add all at once.
I'm on the fence about this recipe, but I will probably make it again. I think I may have put too much red wine vinegar; it was a bit too tangy. It was nearly impossible to seed the eggplant, so I ended up with a lot of seeds, but it wasn't too bitter...still something is missing. maybe some bits of kalamata olives? Not sure if that would work with walnuts... sorry for the wishy-washy review:(It's very good.
I was disappointed, especially since this recipe got a good review from someone else.
Excellent! I used a food processor to blend the the eggplant with the herbs because the eggplant was too hard to mash. It was a big hit with our guests. Tangy and zippy. Next time I'll reduce the garlic (it was a bit over powering)I did this with yellow squash, zucchini and tomatoes and the combination was delicious with the roasted garlic and balsamic. I recommend using more garlic than it calls for. Simple, but delicious summer side.
boring---needs lots of work to make it interesting.Very ordinary.I had some older radicchio and endive in my refrig. As I am the type who tries to use everything up I made this salad up for the two of us. I substituted the Sherry vinegar with Rice wine vinegar, used Sesame oil and no black sesame seeds. I made it up a couple of hours ahead and it was wonderful.
This salad was the perfect counterpoint to a rich meal, the flavors are fresh and bright and it's very pretty on the plate. Be sure to adequately dry the greens before dressing, though, or the salad will be bland.
This salad was a wonderful change of pace, a great way to use radicchio, and has a nice slightly Asian flavour -- it will be a staple for me from now on. I would use the dressing on other things. As for the other reviews, I think sesame oil can vary hugely in taste which may be why others didn't like it.
I stumbled across very fresh and relatively inexpensive (< $3/lb) radicchio and endive at my local "warehouse" supermarket, and made this salad last night to go with steamed lobster. My husband, not a salad fan, loved it, and so did I. I might try peanut oil instead of canola next time, and maybe a few hot pepper flakes. In spring perhaps a few fresh herbs with it, too.
This salad isn't awful, but it definitely needs some work. Too many other good salad recipes to make this one again.
Eating this was an odd experience. Each bite was bitter yet bland, leaving an unpleasant, lingering aftertaste of sesame seed oil. Because endive is so expensive, I kept hoping this dish would "open up," like wine in a glass -- that suddenly I'd lift a forkfull to my mouth and be converted into loving it. Yeah, salad ain't wine.I have been making this for years, always to rave reviews but I agree that you must really reduce the wine
I have to agree with the cook from SF, I did not like the vinaigrette. The salad ingredients blended well but the dessing could have been better.
This is one of my (and my friends') favorite salads, and the dressing makes the difference! But you have to make sure that you boil it ALL the way down, as the recipe says. I have made this many times and everyone always loves it.
Don't bother making the vinaigrette unless you REALLY want to say you made the dressing yourself. It's not that good.I've already made these cookies twice- once with pecans and once with hazelnuts. My husbands loves a not-too-sweet treat so these are perfect for him, and they are small enough to let me eat a few without feeling guilty. If you want something over the top, these are not the cookies for you.
My husband and co-workers loved these cookies and begged for more. I subbed pecans and used good quality chocolate. I also only used 1 Tablespoon of milk instead of 2. They did require a few minutes more to cook then listed. Be careful not to over cook though. I baked until they were just set and very slightly brown around the edges. The result was a cookie that was crisp on the outside but still soft and chewy in the center.
I would give this zero forks if I could. It says that one fork is "just so-so" but there is no opportunity to show that I think this recipe is really bad. Even my boyfriend didn't like them.
These cookies are GROSS! They taste like baking soda and flour. What a waste of ingredients. We threw them away. These are an insult to the British.
This was disappointing-nothing special. I found them too sweet, and they took a lot longer to bake than 7-8 minutes, even though I made them smaller. There are better cookie recipes out there.
We love these cookies! My husband raved about them. I have already made a 2nd. batch. (since we gave a few to a friend)I cooked it for a little over 4 hours instead of the suggested 5. Pretty tasty with whipped cream
We've made this for about five years now and it's always a big hit. Added dark chocolate chips to help with the dryness.
Very dry. Had to wrap with rum soaked cheese cloth for several weeks to make edible. This is much more like Christmas cake than plum pudding.
This pudding is much lighter and tastier than the traditional suet-laden English plum pudding, but it also was quite dry. I may try making it again, however, adding more butter and liquors for moisture.
Sort of a cross between a cake and a pudding - delicious and not too heavyI liked the tartness. Used the dressing only, simple and healthy ingredients...
Unusual and yummy. Great starter before an Italian main course (in this case rabbit braised in red wine with polenta). Will add to permanent collection.
Terrible taste and terrible colour - too tart for our taste budsI'm not sure if it was the fact that I was quadrupling this recipe, but I thought in the end it was very unappealing.
Tres yummy! A great recipe for an often (sadly) overlooked vegetable. I've also tried it as a topping for bruschetta during those long months when tomatoes are out of season, and it was delicious.This was a pretty good recipe that was easy to make and pretty inexpensive. But I thought the espresso taste was a bit too strong and would suggest using a bit less. I had already made the custard, so I added some homemade whipped cream within each layer to lighten up the espresso taste.
I have made this recipe many times for differant affairs. It is one that people want me to bring all the time.
Not impressed.
I made this recipe for some very food-savvy dinner guests. As I brought it to the table, the gentleman asked me where I had gotten the dessert! It not only tasted outstanding; the presentation made it look like the fanciest of restaurant desserts.Too labour-intensive and the results are iffy. You can use tomato juice instead for better results.
This is the only loser I have encountered on this website. It was awful. The pepper was overpowering and added a bad taste, it never jelled, my guess is the "juiced" tomatoes had too much pulp in it. too much garlic, in general just YUK!!!
Less oil would be better.
While in Florence, we've gobbled plates of this delicious concoction -- what a delight to make it at home!Why does it say chestnuts are cooked in salt pork, but there is no salt pork in the recipe? Are we missing some steps? It's an intriguing recipe, but I'm afraid to try it when it's not complete.
Perhaps the relative complexity and expense of this dish could be explained by the supplying chef, Alain Ducasse, assuming this same Michelin-starred Frenchman of Loius 15th repute.
How the hell would anyone know about this recipe? After glancing through the extremely daunting ingredients and preparation, it says "4 servings" !!!!!! Yeah, right. A cook in Maryland with less than 7 hours available to make a vegetable dish for 4!!!!!I was looking for an alternative to my kid's often requested 'cheesy noodles'. I used this recipe as a base but made a homemade alfredo sauce to add to it (butter, whipping cream, parmesan) instead of saving the water. We also grilled some chicken breasts and sliced and added them on top. The arugula was a nice addition as I like the spiciness of arugula and we've got a ton in the garden right now. In the end, we felt like the beans detracted from the dish. The pasta mostly tasted earthy like the beans. Perhaps it was the type of organic beans we used :) I used four cloves of garlic and could not taste the garlic at all. I would not make the recipe as written. It would be horribly bland. I will use elements of this recipe in the future for pasta recipes (butter and garlic, wilted arugula) but would likely not add the beans again. With the alfredo sauce, the dish was far better.
This was incredibly bland. I added lemon juice and italian seasoning and it still had next to no flavor at all. Very disappointing.
I don't like reviewing a recipe that I changed but the changes were simple and the recipe was essentially the same. It was quick, easy and delicious. I used penne,spring baby lettuce and 2 extra garlic cloves. I added green beans, white wine and parsley. yummy and light.Very bland & disappointing. You could try to improve the flavor by adding more garlic, more sun dried tomato, more red pepper, salt & pepper but why? Just find a different recipe!
I substituted fresh kale and asparagus for spinach. Based on what other cooks said I used: 2 cubes (about 1/4 Cup) of homemade pesto. 1 whole dried red pepper. 2 LARGE garlic cloves. 1/2 Cup of sun dried tomatoes. 1/2 Cup walnuts. It was great! Not much like the original recipe, but very tasty.
This recipe is based on a classic Italian combination of ricotta, spinach, Parmesan, garlic and nuts. I made this with great success substituting the walnuts with pignoli and using the water tossed off from the spinach to loosen the pasta instead of the pasta water. Nothing bland here. We found it very comforting and tasty. i don't know where the crushed red pepper came from -- not needed here.
Enjoyed this dish thoroughly although as I do with many pasta dishes found the proportion of spinach to noodles too low. Needed less noodles or more spinach... I did make a few alterations based on reviews... Instead of the noodle water I mixed fresh lemon juice into the ricotta. Also I didn't have parmesan but did have pecorno romano so used that. Also as I have toddlers to feed too I didn't put the red pepper in the dish at all although had it at the table to pass - ended up not needing that. I would certainly make this again - quick, easy, and tasty.
This was absolutely the worst Pasta recipe ever! In spite of using 5 cloves of garlic, this was awful and soooooo bland. If I could have given it no forks, I would have.
The other reviews were right, this is extremely bland. I also thought that the spiciness of the red pepper flakes was completely wrong in this recipe, it would have been better without (though flavorless). I added salt and some olive tapenade to try and give it more flavor but it didn't work. Don't waste your time with this.
I took a few suggestions from reviews and used 4 med cloves of garlic (next time I'll use 5-6), 1/2 cup drained sun-dried tomatoes, and split the olive oil (half olive oil & half butter) to saute the walnuts. I always use a good quality whole milk ricotta (Polly-O or Biazzo) and salt it well. We all enjoyed this and I will definitely make it again.
Used 5 (small) cloves of garlic, about 1/3 cup of sun dried tomatoes & a heaping teapoon of red pepper flakes. Toasted the walnuts in butter, rather than olive oil. With those changes and a good shake of salt & some freshly group pepper, this was delicious.
Used 5 (small) cloves of garlic, 1/3 cup sun dried tomatoes, & a heaping teaspoon of red pepper flakes. Sauteed the walnuts in about a 1/2 tablespoon of butter, rather than oil. With a good shake of salt & some freshly ground pepper, this was delicious.
I doubled the garlic and significantly increased the red pepper, but other than that, made it as is and it was easy and tasty. I do think it would have been bland without the extra heat, but with it,it was good.
Bland. I think the idea of a simple sauce made from the ricotta and pasta water is a great idea, but this recipe really lacks personality. I tried adding prosciutto, red onion, red bell peppers, mushrooms, you name it, its still bland. I think what's missing is acidity, not salt. The heavy walnut-infused oil permeates the recipe and there's nothing "zingy" to counterbalance it.
OK, not great. I used toasted pine nuts, since hubby is allergic to walnuts. He suggested adding kalamata olives next time. All in all, an easy, but not spectacular, weeknight dinner....
This recipe was OK but I think with some additions it could be very good. I used asparagus instead of spinach but that didn't seem to be the problem. Perhaps substituting goat cheese for ricotta might work or as the other reviewers mentioned proscuitto for that needed saltiness.
I used 1 bag frozen spinach, which cut down on time and worked great. The ricotta added just the right amount of creaminess without being too heavy like an alfredo sauce. I did add: some diced ham (2 quarter-inch steaks, cubed), about 1 cup grated Parmesan, and a bunch of chopped fresh basil to this recipe -- without these, the recipe would have been too bland. I agree with cook below who said toasting the walnuts is key -- toss them in at the last minute to keep crunchy. (This is why I found the dish better right away, rather than for leftovers when the walnuts aren't as toasty.)
Well, after reading the other reviews, i was hesitant to make this recipe, but my wifey was in the mood for all of this texture, so I gave it a whirl. My version came out great. I used Rotini, so the little bits of walnuts could get caught in the tube. I also added 1/4 pound of prociutto, slightly cooked in the spinach mixture until it was a little crispy. I think the prociutto added the needed saltiness and kick to make this dish work out....by the way, it was great the second day!!!!
Revising my review: I made this dish with whole wheat farfalle. Freshly made, it was bland with only the sundried tomatoes giving it any spark of flavor. I had hoped that giving it time for the flavors to blend would help. It didn't. The leftovers tasted like paste and no amount of salt, pepper, parmesan, garlic, etc. could help. I ended up dumping almost half of it in the trash (which made the trash smell like paste, too!). Too bad, since I really like each of the individual ingredients. Try the Farfalle with Broccoli and Gorgonzola instead. Very yummy!
I increased the garlic and pepper flakes and decreased the pasta. I used a 20-ounce package of frozen spinach, cooking the spinach until it was dry. I served it with stewed tomatoes and my husband loved it. I would serve it to guests. I thought the walnuts were the key ingredient.
The first day that I made this, i found it watery and badly in need of salt. after adding the salt, it was better, but the flavors were watered down. The next day, however, after storing it overnight in the fridge, i rewarmed it in the mircrowave and it was delicious!
My sister-in-law says she made this with feta and it was outstanding. My husband has fetaphobia so I don't think I'll try that. But, it might be worth a shot for others. I thought it was okay for a family party as is.
I have to say that this recipe was the first from Bon Appetit that I was not wild about. It was easy and quick to prepare, but blah, as others have commented. I found myself wishing for some prociutto. I did like how creamy it was. Next time I will beef up the garlic and add chicken, I think.
The pasta is not as white as the pictures in the magazine. Good flavor, but my husband added a lot of pepper. Don't know if this is the answer.
Very simple and tasty pasta to make. I used sun-dried tomato that was not packed in oil - I first softened in boiling water, then added the oil and let sit for 15 mins which worked well. I like the previous reader suggestion of serving with grilled chicken.
I always have to add my own flare to the recipes and I highly recommend trying pecans in stead of walnuts and I didn't have spinach or ricotta cheese in the house so I substituted 3 tablespoons of pesto and 1 cup of cottage cheese. It ended up making quite a lovely dish.
This recipe is lacking in flavor as written. I tried quadrupling the amount of crushed red pepper (as my husband likes spicy dishes) but still could hardly taste it. We had to add quite a bit of parmesan cheese at the table (as suggested) to make it taste right. I would personally suggest adding parmesan cheese to the ricotta before mixing and then allow eaters to add more themselves at the table for additional flavor.
I liked this dish a lot. Not too complicated, a good light spring pasta dish. I used low-fat ricotta in mine, didn't seem to take anything away from it. I think some grilled chicken would be a great addition if you like.Made this tonight with sweet potato (seasoned with salt and pepper) instead of squash and it was great. I had vermouth in the pantry which was a good substitute for white wine. We enjoyed this dinner.
My fault! Made the recipe as stated without reading the reviews first. So add my name to the BLAND wagon - I agree!
Bland!! I followed other reviewers'suggestions and made the following adjustments: doubled the garlic, used wine and stock in place of water, added a little lemon zest and seasoned very aggressively. The dish still just didn't come together well, and it was bland throughout. Not a winner.
I roasted the squash and doubled the garlic to increase flavor, and still found this rather bland. I'm a vegetarian, too, so it's not the lack of meat I'm responding to. I think the culprit is the spinach, which doesn't really meld well with the rest of the dish, and adds little flavor plus an unwelcome texture. I would make again with my changes but leave out the spinach; sautee it as a side dish instead.
I was skeptical to try this recipe, based on the reviews but am glad that did! I doubled the garlic, added an onion and SEASONED with salt and pepper. Everyone at my work potluck thought it was a very seasonally appropriate dish. Hope you enjoy as well! I will definitley make it again!
great,light supper,made it with cream ,still has great flavor
To "a cook from San Fransisco": If you haven't tried a recipe, don't rate it! If you assume a recipe is bland just because it doesn't call for salt and pepper, you obviously have no idea how to use spices! I almost never add salt or black pepper to my cooking and no one has ever described anything I've prepared as bland. Get thee to Penzeys.com!
I haven't made this, but clearly it's bland because nowhere on the ingredients list does it say salt or pepper! I'm sure with a few minor changes, this could work, like using stock instead of water to cook the squash in. I may still try this despite the poor ratings...
bland, huge disappointment
bland
AWFUL WASTE OF FARMER MARKET PRODUCE. Sounded great but these ingredients do not blend at all. BLAND BLAND BLAND. I think the recipe is wrong and out of proportion. one-eight tsp nutmeg for one pound of pasta is not enough; should be more like one-eight per serving! this needs pepper and more garlic. a waste of time after peeling all squash. will never maek again and am shocked if a restaurant serves this dish - stay home instead!
I love the concept but the ingredients do not blend flavors together and not only that, this recipe was BLAND BLAND BLAND, a waste of a squash after all that peeling and slicing. If this is a restaurant receipe then I'd rather stay home and order pizza! I think the recipe is wrong if it calls for 1/8 tsp nutmeg - it needs more like 1/8 tsp PER SERVING. 1/8 tsp nutmeg for one pound of pasta is inadequate. Also needs more garlic and black pepper but I won't ever make this again. a total waste of farmer market produce!
I love this recipe. Peeling and seeding the squash was the only downfall. I did add a little extra rosemary and I used red wine instead of white. I will definetely make this again. My boyfried took it to work the next day and raved about the leftovers.
I made 1/3 of recipe (2 servings) but followed all ingredients to a T and used Parmigiano-Reggiano for the cheese. It was too bland for our tastes. Probaly more garlic, rosemary, and suace ingredients, maybe a dash of cayenne. But I won't bother to try.
I love butternut squash any way it is made, and this was wonderful. I made the recipe exactly as written. It was rich and very satisfying. Instead of adding more cream, I just added a little bit more of the pasta cooking liquid to loosen it somewhat...and it was perfect! Give it a try you will not be dissappointed.
I used regular white mushrooms because this was a last-minute dish for a potluck dinner. Don't do it! It wasn't bad and I did get some compliments, but I needed to add a lot more cheese, wine, and spices to make it less bland. Thyme was an especially good addition. Also, I used fat-free half and half in place of cream. I'll make this again with the mushrooms from the recipe, keeping the thyme.
This is an awesome pasta recipe. Substituted a 5oz. can of Evaporated Milk for the cream, increased the garlic and rosemary, as suggested, and added the entire amount of pasta water at the end for a creamy delicious sauce. The use of Parmigiano-Reggiano makes all the difference.
I love it!!!!!! I have made it 7 times so far and each time I never get tired of it's tast. It has sooooooooo much flavor! This is the best dish I have ever tasted except for blue crabs.
This pasta recipe is delicious! I make it with mushrooms and toasted pine nuts, for a change.
Excellent dish, but it needed additional rosemary and whipping cream for my taste. I served it with the Pork w/ Gorgonzola cream on the same page...Excellent!!
What a marvelous dish - so good that I made more and took it to a friends place and now she wants the recipe - thank you
This sounded like it would be an interesting and yummy change from the ordinary pasta recipes. It was so BLAND. I tried it again with more garlic and rosemary, but it was still not worth the effort.
Loved the idea! But the finished dish was not worth the effort.
Wonderful, very satisfying vegetarian dish! I'll be making this again. Only drawback is that it is time consuming...all that peeling, degilling and chopping. I didn't find it too dry at all. You need to use the reserved pasta water as indicated in the recipe to keep it moist. I wouldn't add more cream because that would make it too rich.
The squash and spinach compliment each other very well, I liked this dish, but agree that it was a little on the dry side. I would add more garlic as well.
This sounded good but.... it wasn't. I thought it was bland, dry and uninteresting. I made a full recipe of sauce and halved the other ingredients.
Easy to make, and quite tasty! My husband hates mushrooms, but liked this recipe. A good one to keep on file when you have vegetarians over for dinner.
Wonderful flavor, the only drawback was it needed a little more sauce. I'll adjust the wine and whip cream the next time around.very basic. asian greens are impossible to find. I used red leaf lettuce and actual radishes. quite good. important to use lots of oil for shallots because you need it to incorporate into the vinegar. very basic, simple, uncomplex recipe.
I have made this salad a number of times using baby spinach. It is delicious and easyThis is delicious! The point here is to emphasize the beautiful fresh greens, not the dressing. If your idea of a good salad includes ranch dressing, you should look elsewhere perhaps. If not, I urge you to try this...you won't be disappointed.
You call this a recipe? Tossing lettuce with a vinaigrette? C'mon, get real.
You call this a recipe? Lettuce with vinaigrette? Tsk, tsk. Sad, sad.I omitted the egg white, added 1/3 C. parmigiana, garlic, parsley, peas, and carrots. I used non fat Greek style yogurt. YUM! Still much healthier then the original.
Grainy and dry. I would not make this again.
I did change this quite a bit: used whole milk yogurt, no ricotta, and a little bit of leftover cream cheese, plus I added some light cream, garlic powder and basil. Simmered it all together and it came out great! Easy to adapt to what you have on hand, which is what I always do anyhow!
To avoid the graininess in texture you could use Quark (a European/Middle Eastern yogurt cheese) instead of ricotta. However, quark will have more fat than the no and low-fat ricottas.
Because this dish is low-fat, I didn't expect it to be rich and creamy but I did expect flavor. It would be greatly improved by garlic and more seasonings as another reviewer wrote but the texture will always be disappointing. I will not make this again.
The only changes I made were all part-skim ricotta and those faux powdered egg whites (w/water); otherwise, I made the recipe as is -- delicious!
I actually haven't tried this recipe, but in response to Houston cook, you can puree the ricotta until smooth to eliminate the chunks! I hope it works well for you.....................
I followed the recipe exactly and ended up with a bowl of pretty tasteless sauce. So I threw in a load of minced garlic (not sure how much, just kept adding until it smelled good), about one-quarter to one-third cup more Parmesan, and more salt and pepper to taste. It was still kind of bland over pasta, but I served it over roasted spaghetti squash with a touch of butter, and the nuttiness of the squash and the butter really pulled it all together. I'll keep playing with the recipe because it's so easy, but I have one plea for advice: the ricotta makes the sauce so grainy! How can I minimize or eliminate the graininess?
Yum! I loved it. I did add a (very large) clove of garlic. What's Alfredo without garlic? Ricotta is the way to go. I can't imagine that cream cheese and sour cream could be substituted. I am italian-american, after all.
Awesome concept to make alfredo without the fat. I have made this recipe several times. I used it as a baseline and added organic milk in addition to the yogurt and used sheep romano instead of the parmesan for a smoother taste. Also lots of garlic! Reheats beautifully and great poured over steamed veggies and pasta. Be sure to stir and watch the sauce as it can be ruined if it starts to get too hot (as the recipe indicates). My kids love this one.
How can Cream Cheese be better then riccota?? Riccota is perferct.
I would substitute cream cheese for the riccota and use sour cream to enhance the flavor. Finishing touches to dish , sprinkle with parsley.This is a weak imitation of actual Pho. I've never found a recipe that works as a short-cut to anything resembling Pho, and this is no exception.
Ugh, I was so disappointed by this recipe. I'm not sure if it's the cinnamon stick or the beef broth, but my version came out incredibly bitter. I ended up dumping the broth and just eating the noodles and veggies by themselves.
I thought this was a great quick weeknight soup. I love traditional pho and this was an easy to make home version.
I used thin rice noodles as well, and simply added them to the simmering broth about three minutes before I added the beef. Pretty good for a weeknight meal with little prep.
Certainly not quite as complex as a traditional pho but quick, easy and pretty good. Hubs ate it for dinner AND lunch the next day... AND liked it. I added extra broth and used rice noodles which should be as easily attainable as ramen (yuck).
Many anti-cancer foods in this one! Gluten-free eaters can use rice noodles instead of ramen. However the garlic will drown out the ginger. Not that it's a bad thing--ginger could be in there just for the good it does you. With ginger, your body uses its own oxygen 21% more efficiently.
Ramen noodles is an absurd idea. Rice noodles only. Canned broth, better yet, canned consomme, will work, jazzed up with all these spices. I hate beef leather, and always put the slices raw on the noodles and the boiling broth cooks the meat all that is required.
Please! Here is a better Faux Pho (sorry about the format--this site doesn't allow any other): Makes about 5 cups 5 cups canned low-sodium chicken broth 4 medium garlic cloves, smashed and peeled 1 2-inch ginger, peeled, cut into 1/8-inch rounds, and smashed 2 3-inch cinnamon sticks 2 pods star anise 2 tablespoons Asian fish sauce 1 tablespoon soy sauce 1 tablespoon sugar Bring all ingredients to boil in medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to low; simmer partially covered to blend flavors, about 20 minutes. Remove solids with slotted spoon and discard. Cover and keep hot over low heat until ready to serve. 8 ounces thick rice noodles 1 recipe Quick Vietnamese-Style Broth Salt 12 ounces sirloin steak, sliced crosswise into 1/4-inch strips Ground black pepper 1 tablespoon vegetable oil 2 cups bean sprouts (about 5 ounces) 1 jalape±o chile, sliced thin 2 scallions, white and green parts, sliced thin on an angle 1/3 cup loose-packed basil leaves, torn in half if large 1/2 cup loose-packed fresh mint leaves, torn in half if large 1/2 cup loose-packed fresh cilantro leaves 2 tablespoons chopped roasted unsalted peanuts Lime wedges 1. Bring 4 quarts water to boil in large pot. Off heat, add rice sticks, and let sit until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and distribute among four bowls. 2. Meanwhile, make Quick Vietnamese-Style broth, seasoning with additional salt if necessary. 3. Season steak with salt and pepper. Heat oil in medium skillet over medium-high heat until shimmering. Add half of steak slices in single layer and sear until well-browned, 1 to 2 minutes on each side; set aside. Repeat with remaining slices. 4. Assemble soup and serve immediately, passing lime wedges separately. Yields 4 servings.
My husband and i though this was great (even if not-so traditional). We used Udon noodles, though. The Ramen did not really appeal to me. Our pepper was really potent, so i fished the slices out after soaking in my bowl for about 2 min. Super good the day after too!
I've made this twice and realizing that it's just a quick pho, I thought it tasted very good for the amount of time that it takes to make it.
@ E.D. Did you miss the title? It's easy Pho. Anyway, did anyone else try this recipe? I'm skeptical that broth from the store will do the trick.
I have been making a variation of this soup for years, and I realize it is a Faux Pho, but I agree with Dragon that you can not use instant Ramen Noodles....they tend to be mushy and tasteless.......that is just wrong!!
The ramen noodles upset me. Pho should ONLY have rice noodles.
The ramen noodles upset me. Only rice noodles should be used in Pho.I used only one 1-lb fennel and I still think there wasn't enough dressing. It was tasty but I agree with the other reviewers that it needs a little something. Perhaps I will add some dry herbs to the leftovers. I also found the cutting instructions quite confusing.
I used the vinaigrette over thickly sliced grilled fennel and it was great. Also added a bit of mint and cayenne which I thought worked well.
I couldn't eat this salad. It was too bitter. Maybe it was my endive. Either way, nothing special.
This exact recipe has good intentions, but is way too involved for a college student like me! I made quite a few modifications and it was scrumptious, so I'll share. Here's how I made it work for me: I didn't do the fancy-schmancy cutting, but the fennel still tasted great with the orange vinaigrette! That's a super combination. I substituted balsamic vinegar for white wine vinegar. Tasted great! No need to buy something I didn't have. Then I found that squeezing clementines (didn't have an orange) was pretty hard without a juicer! And the zesting, eh, not so much. So I added sliced clementines and used my trusty ol' orange juice from the carton instead. Much easier than juicing and probably tastier and prettier, thank you! Then I added mache, parsley, and cilantro (fabulous, I wouldn't make it without it!) in lieu of the endive. Sliced almonds on top, et voila! A fantastic salad.
Delicious, you don't even need a japanese beringer, just slice the fennel thinly!
Jimmy from Chicago is absolutely right. At least the photo gives an idea of the intended results. The combination is a classic and the textures very nice. It needs a little zip like bleu cheese or parmesan and toasted walnuts.
It sounds good, but it's directions like these that make me stop entertaining the idea of making something: "Cut fennel bulbs lengthwise into very thin slices with slicer. Halve endives lengthwise, then halve crosswise and cut lengthwise into 1/4-inch-wide strips."Being new to cooking this a wonderful easy way to impress dinner guests.My fennel seemed a little tough when mixed with the other textures. The flavours were lovely though, and the dressing was simple and complimented the salad well. I loved the prosciutto.
I really liked this recipe. It tasted great, looked pretty and wasn't a heavy first course. I did cut the prosciutto into 1/4's for ease in eating. The balance of sweet(I had a really nice sweet red grapefruit), salty, crunchy, bitter was just right!We love fennel in a variety of preparations, but this was not something we'd make again. The shallots in the dressing were overpowering, even when made again with only one-half the indicated amount. The combination of fennel and raddichio did not blend well in our opinion.
This salad was absolutely delicious. I made it tonight to accompany my spicy baked cod. Everyone loved it. The fennel adds an interesting flavor. I made an herbed parmasan vinaigrette with red vinegar and olive oil to go with it. Delicious.Interesting variation of salsa, but thought it was only OK.
I substituted seedless cucumber and dill instead of the fennel and the result was delicious. I turned the leftover salsa and coulis to a gazpacho the next day. It was very good.I made these for a potluck and they were a hit: light, moist, and a perfect accompaniment. I didn't have sage on hand, so I used fresh thyme, and I also added chopped sundried tomato and kalamata olives (though even without the additions, they still would have been delicious). I baked them in a mini- muffin pan for 13 minutes, which was perfect, and made exactly 24. These are a nice change from "regular," plain corn muffins.
my husband and i are big soup eaters during the fall and winter and i'm always looking for muffin/scone/bread accompaniments. i tested these last week and loved them -- i only baked them for about 13 minutes, and they were perfect. next time i will add fresh snipped chives instead of the sage (i felt the feta overpowered the sage). i plan to try making these in mini-muffins, too, for dinner parties as a starter with soup or salad.
These are incredible muffins especially with the extra items put in. I would highly reccommend them especially if you really like corn meal and feta cheese, obviously the people that put no forks don't really like corn meal
I have to agree with some of the other reviewers. This is a mediocre muffin and not the best use of feta.
These muffins were super yummy when hot from the oven. When cold they get dry and icky. If you toast them to reheat they're good again. Not the best use of feta, but good.
If it were an option, I'd give this zero forks. These were the worst corn muffins I've ever had--incredibly dry, even though I was careful not to overmix and didn't overbake (just 17 min), and absolutely flavorless, even with the feta (I also used tomato-basil feta) and the sage. My husband took one bite and refused to eat anymore. I choked down one (we were eating them with soup and a salad), but threw the rest in the freezer to crumble for a stuffing later. Much later.Just ok; was surprised it wasn't better. Wouldn't make it again. I usually like to make my reviews funny, but that's how uninspiring this dish was. No room for comedy. ;-)
This was very tastey and very easy to make!
Not only was the presentation lacking since the end result was a strange brownish-gray color, but the flavor was not that exciting. It was good enough for a quick week night pasta dish but I would never serve it for guests. I probably won't make this again.
I am all for sour foods, but this dish was so sour and bitter me and my boyfriend couldn't eat more than a few bites. There are too many sour ingredients and nothing to offset it.
This is a pantry staple in my house. Everything but the sour cream is usually on hand. It gets thumbs up everytime from the peanut gallery.
I cooked some garlic (1-2 cloves) in olive oil, omitted the sour cream, and used sweet sherry the second time I made it. Less fat, but still all of the flavor. The garlic is a must.
Not bad with a few variations: - Add/saute onion and fresh garlic, then add artichoke hearts (in water...marinated are usually too tart). - Add about 2 tbs. pesto sauce to the mix, too. - I used slivered almonds (toasting in an oven on 350 for 10 minutes works the best--toasts more evenly and less work). Walnuts can be too strong...pecans might work, too. - I used a decent left-over red wine...like it's flavor better with artichoke...more body. - Prefer bow-tie pasta or penne, etc. for this type of "mixed" dish...easier to mix, handle, eat, etc. Other than all that, it was fine!
Toasting the walnuts really makes this recipe stand out. It gives a wonderful nutty flavor and aroma. I used frozen artichoke hearts which worked very well.
I didn't have sundried tomatoes, so used a dollop of store-bought sundried tomato pesto, so things might have tasted better if I had actually followed the recipe. As it was, everything was luke-warm and drab.
its quick and ease and its a hit every time
Bleh. The artichoke marinade gave this a strange vinegar taste, and I found the dish too oily from the sun-dried tomatoes. To top it off, the sauce turned gray for some reason so we had gray pasta with sun-dried tomatoes. There are too many good pasta dishes out there to attempt this one again.
Yummy and different - not your everyday pasta dish but very easy & quick to make. Walnuts aren't essential though
My husband and I agreed, that this is a good dish we both would enjoy again. I added sauteed shrimp, and I didn't have white wine on hand so I used sherry. Yummy and easy!! PS: we both felt the walnuts were not essential
this dish was very easy to make, but overall flavor was so so. I wouldn't make it again, because there are sooooooo many other quick dishes to try!!! If I did make it again, I wouldn't use as many walnuts as the recipe called for.
Very easy and with ingredients that can be bought way in advance.Bland even though I added red pepper. The whole wheat pasta needs bolder favors than this recipe calls for.
This recipe is delicious if you make a few slight changes. Do not add the Parmesan. That is why other users have said that the flavors don't blend right. The sauce tastes clean and fresh without it. Definitely add a little more fresh basil and oregano at the end of cooking, and a little squeeze of lemon doesn't hurt. Don;t forget to add a little more wine during cooking if necessary.
I don't thing the ingredients go well together. I would either do the tomatoes, spices, garlic and shrimp or wine, mushroom, garlic, spices and shrimp. some users said to add more water and wine, but start out with the recommended amount and then add more if you need more. also, I would put in the shrimp without the tomatoes and the wine, and then add the bouillon and tomatoes if you insist on it. Over all, I would just suggest trying a different recipe.
Great recipe! a lot of chopping but worth it. the flavors are great together. i added some fresh lemon juice about a minute before you turn off the heat and that gave it some more freshness. also i would recommend adding some extra white wine as well.
Lots of prep but worth it in the end. Make sure to add more wine and water (about double of each). Add pepper at the end for a little extra needed spice.
This wasn't awful, but the flavours didn't meld at all. Disappointing, given the good ingredients.
I gave this recipe 4 stars, because it had so much flavor, with so few fat grams. I used "Better Than Bouillon" chicken & mushroom bases (much better than bouillon cubes), you can find them in Publix or larger grocery stores. My husband loved it.I can certainly imagine that the potato would fall apart using the ingredients and methods listed in the recipe; rather, I would use egg whites (yolks don't coagulate, and thus have no structural integrity) and would pan sear them, rather than deep fry.
This is delicous and my my whole family agrees. I used mashed potatoes instead of making my own special potatoe cakes because I was running short on time. All I did was make the mashed potatoes a little bit drier than usual, so they would hold their shape. I then breaded them etc. They were delicious, and the meat and sauce were so flavorful and absolutly loved by my dinner guests.
The potato part of this recipe was terrible. A lot of work to rice the potatoes and though I chilled the resulting cakes, they fell apart during the cooking process and were a MESS!!! The sauce was also very tasteless and I felt I wasted $60 worth of truffle on this. The only good part was the excellent meat I used and the great Burgundy wine I served. Deep six this recipe!!Great flavor....I would make it again, but definitely with less salt.
This was good--everyone really liked it. The cooking method was perfect--the meat was cooked just right. As for the rub, it was good, but I think I could do better. This recipe definitely got me thinking about how I'd do it next time. The methodology is just right--so this is the kind of recipe you can make your own. I didn't find Szechuan peppercorns and used regular black peppercorns--I'd recommend cutting back as I thought the pepper overpowered the other spices.
Boooooring. There are so many better things to do with a million dollars worth of meat!
This was a huge hit at my dinner party. Although I almost fainted at how expensive the roast was, I decided it was well worth it for this special dinner party. I couldn't find the anise or special peppercorns so I used regular pepper and no anise. It was still awesome.I did not love these. I much prefer just oven roasted.
Loved these. I used dried thyme and a pinch of rosemary. Rolled the cooked potatoes in the pan juices from a seared pork tenderloin before finishing in oven. Great.
Quick, easy, simple, and delicious!
Very disappointing, really couldn't taste the thyme.
This is my adjustment: Boil the potatoes with dried thyme and salt until tender. Then broil in oven at 400 degrees with butter and fresh thyme until warm in the middle and crispy on the outside.
followed the directions, but added additional butter and fresh thyme to the dish before serving
I agree with the review below. I followed the recipe and they just tasted like fingerling potatoes.
These were ok - by following the recipe, they were cooked perfectly, but just tasted like potatoes, no hint of the thyme or butter. Next time, I might toss with butter after cooking.
How much simpler could this be? I slow-simmered the taters for about 25 min and they were creamy and perfect. Great side.
This was very good and, obviously, very easy. I was surprised at the wonderful flavor of the potatoes with such simple ingredients. I added an extra sprig of thyme and a small sprig of rosemary, and I simmered the potatoes for 20 minutes rather than 10, having found that they were still quite firm after 10. I will definitely make this again for a simple weeknight sidedish.Haven't made the recipe yet, but wondering about the strange comment in the intro to the recipe- how can fennel be considered a legume? Legumes make seed pods (with peas or beans inside), fennel is in the Umbellifereae (has a flower like an umbrella) family (also known as Apiaceae) which includes vegetables - parsnips, celery, carrots and lovage, and herbs- dill, cilantro, anise, asafoetida, cumin, and others among several thousand species so I'm wondering if the term legume is being mistakenly substituted...
I thought this was OK, but not something I'd want to make again. For some reason, I was expecting something sweeter.
easy to prepare and delicous, have made this three times, most recently with low sodium chicken broth (Swanson) and am very satisfied.
We're adventurous eaters and have had a hard time finding good fennel recipes. I used this recipe as a basis for a meal when we got a bulb of fennel in our CSA box this week--cooked one medium bulb of the fennel per the recipe then added shrimp at the last minute (which I guess would make this a completely un-kosher meal), served with a salad and bread. Even before the shrimp was added, there wasnt really a "sauce" as much as a glaze, but the recipe got 3 forks from both myself and my husband, who grew up in Italy.
While not to my taste this was a very big hit with my Israeli in-laws. "Just like Mom's" which is high praise indeed. The recipe makes a lot, I used 4 fennels cut into 6 wedges each and it was enough for 8-10 as a side dish. I reserved the garlic and returned it to the pot at the end. The fennel turns greyish when cooked but that seems unpreventable (?).I read the reviews from people who said it was bland, so I added shallots, minced garlic and red pepper flakes. I also used whole wheat rotini because I couldn't find fiorentini. I have a sage plant that stays green all winter so I was generous with the sage. We thought it was delicious. I gave it 3 forks only because it needs to be altered to make it tastier. It was not the least bit bland. I also liked that it did not require many ingredients. Will definitely make it again.
I added minced bacon, red pepper flakes, more sage and it was still too bland. Something's missing. I used to be able totally rely on BA recipes. No longer the case; reading user reviews is essential.
My family liked this pasta. Of course, I started by adding shallot and garlic to the saute of the squash. And yes, it needs more sage. Also, I used a small amount of cream (maybe 1/4 cup) in the final dish. Another time I added some ricotta for additional protein, and that worked as well. Funniest thing about this, was that my young adult sons said you could fool little kids into thinking it was boxed macaroni and cheese because of the color, and be giving them something better!
I have mixed feelings about this dish. On the one hand, I felt it was definitely lacking something. On the other hand, I kept going back for bite after bite trying to figure out what the missing taste was (so clearly, I liked it anyway). My daughter asked for a bite and then commented "Hmm. It doesn't taste like much." My thoughts exactly, kiddo. I'll keep pondering it, because I love all the ingredients, and I was expecting his to be a dish I loved as well.
This was as bland a dish as I have ever made...maybe I had an unusually flavorless squash? Even so, the pasta diluted all vegetable and sage taste to the point that it didn't seem to register at all. To salvage the leftovers we sauteed some hot italian sausage and onion and folded it in. I wouldn't make it again.
This is a strange pasta, I followed the recipe and found it ordinary, but something about it was comforting and I had to keep eating it and enjoyed it. My dining companions had the same reaction, they found it bland but strangely addictive. I will try this recipe again, perhaps adding more sage and pepper and cheese.I really enjoyed this recipe! I had to cook the fish for about 8 minutes extra (I had large fillets). It was very flavorful and delicious. Might be best served over rice or with corn tortillas. Yum! Also, to those who were confused about the number of bowls called for, the recipe does say 2 bowls on *each* of 2 baking sheets.
The fish kind of got lost in all the flavours; the mole verde stood out but it wasn't a fantastic flavour.
I did notice it only said two fillets. I just put all the fillets together and then the mushrooms and tomatillo sauce over all of them. It was pretty good. I tried pretty much all the tomatillo recipies from this issue. They were all good but they seemed to mellow out what I love about tomatillos which is their puckery bright flavor.
Anybody else notice that the recipe directions only cook 2 of the 4 filets? Place 1 filet on top of mushroom/tomatillo filled bowl. What about the other 2 filets?This was a perfect dessert for Chinese New Year instead of kumquats. My family thinks the ratio of water to sugar is too thin and that a thicker sauce would be better, keeping the 5 spice and lemon, sesame finish.
I think my pears were either to large or not ripe enough, but I was unhappy with this one, The flavor didn't really infuse into the fruit the way i would have liked.
Nothing outrageous, but really good with Vanilla Honey ice cream.
A very flavorful, sumple dessert. Preparing this dish also gives me the opportunity to use a flavoring agent I don't always use (five-spice powder), and provides a bit of a change from the same ol', same ol'.
Argggg!!! I have never given a 1 before and would have given a zero if it were available.
Fabulous, elegant, and presents beautifully. I first made this for dessert at a dinner for my boyfriend's entire family, and it was a huge hit. It's sweet, but not overly so, and has a clean, rich flavor. Be sure to leave the stems on, and to drizzle the extra cooking liquid around the fruit--it looks beautiful on the plate. Wonderful, and now a stand-by dessert for me.
Really quick and easy, great presentation, leave the stems on. I served it hot with vanilla ice-cream. Next time I will also add some type of liquor.
A nice, light desert.This is just ok. You'd think with all those spices that it would be more interesting. My husband put hot sauce on his and said that made it better.
This was tasteless like the Minneapolis cook said. We didn't waste the shrimp on this dish. Worst thing I've had on this website so far. Verrry disappointing. BLEH.
"Five spice" is misleading. This was completely tasteless, and I added far more chili powder. The other spices don't meld well in this dish, and the "sauce" became more of a gummy paste coating the shrimp. If you are looking for Indian food, look elsewhere.
I agree with the last reviewer that this is a great little quickie weeknight meal. I sauteed the onions, garlic and ginger together and then added the spices to the pan and let them get real aromatic before adding the tomatoes. Great with snow peas over rice. If you like heat, pump up the chili powder -- 1/8 t just barely made a dent.
Awesome. A good, fast meal. TONS of flavor. The amount of spice you add seems like something you can do to taste, dependent upon your own preference. The next time I make it, I would like to replace some of the shrimp with scallops, mussels, or squid. And add even more flavor.
Excellent recipe, just like my mother's. However it can be improved a little. Putting the cumin (actual cumin seeds are best) directly into the hot oil before adding onions so they pop and release a nice aroma and flavor. To improve texture, you can also grind the onions with the ginger and garlic paste. Yum! Try this.As a chef who really cut her teeth in Florentine restaurants I have to say NO, NO, NO, NO, NO to this recipe. Certainly it is a nice little cake recipe but it bears little resemlance to the Schiacciata I know. If you're looking for an authentic schiacciata recipe this isn't it.
This was ok. I bake bread all of the time and I'd rather have bread than this. Alot of work for not much return. It's alot like the bread for Marti Gras. I did like the idea of orange zest and will use that in my own bread once in awhile.
One word. Yummy! I had some egg yolks leftover from another recipe, so I decided to try this. Do not be put off by the eight hours of rising time. I mixed this up at 10.30 pm, and let it rise overnight in the oven with the light on. I baked it first thing in the morning, and we had it for a breakfast treat. Wonderful! I did add a pinch or two more cinnamon than the recipe called for, but that was simply because I love cinnamon (and so does my family), and like things quite spicy. It came out perfectly. Will defenetly make again!
very very good. i would definetly bake it again.Es muy,muy bien.Es exallante.:)Trash.
I agree w/ the previous postings - definitely needs a lot of garlic and ginger.
To be fair, the ginger, garlic & sesame are in the oil that is recommended for the stir fry.
The ingredients not mentioned in this recipe are ingredients in the commercilly purchased stir fry oil........
I didn't even make it but by looking at the description and the list of ingredients would say some ingredients are missing. It mentions garlic, ginger and sesame in the description, but none of these things are listed in the ingredients list -- perhaps someone should recheck the recipe.
I made the recipe making several changes. It was pretty good! Then I realized that by making all of the changes, I really didn't make the recipe. I made the changes because there just didn't seem like there was enough oomph to it. I kept tasting & changing & adding. Nah! There are better recipes out there.
I have been cooking from this website for just under 2 years now, and I have ran into very few recipes that I've placed directly into the garbage after use. This is one of them. It was just so bland. In retrospect, I look at the boring ingredients that went into the so-called 'fragrant' sauce and I suppose my disappointment isn't much of a surprise. I might make this again, but only after adding my own spin to things. Life is too short for boring food...
This wasn't bad, I made a few changes, but it helped me as far as a base. I used fresh orange peel and juice instead of the lemon, and I added chopped garlic, fresh ginger and scallions instead of onions. Also used orange bell pepper, water chestnuts and cherry tomatoes, basically what I had in the fridge. I also omitted the cilantro since I didn't have any and added some hot red pepper flakes for spice. Served with white rice and my son ate it!
Great simple stir fry recipe. We have made it several items.This cake is NOT dairy- free!
I have made this cake several times and found it to be excellent.
This is not a beesting cake. Beesting cakes have a custard filling as a Boston Cream Pie might. The name beesting does not come from bee sting, but beeste in old english, or in Anglo Saxonbeost or byst, and the German biest-milch. Beestings is the first milk after a cow has calved. It is thick and clotty. Hence a Beesting Cake has a custard filling.
This cake was not worth the trouble that goes into making it. My family, especially my children, did not enjoy the Bienenstich. I was disappointed with the results.
Although this recipe was a bit complicated for a family dessert, the ice cream was wonderful! and even better when put over the cake. I forgot my list when I shopped so I used Guinness Stout and margarine instead of the butter and ale in the recipe. Cake is great for breakfast too.We all enjoyed this Greek version of a cheesecake this Easter! The flavors are subtle but delicious. I served it with strawberries that were chopped and mixed with sugar, lemon & basil, which was a nice accompaniment. My only complaint is that the crust is VERY bland. I think next time I'll add a tbsp or so of sugar to the crust - I did enjoy the texture of it, never having had an oil crust before. Good recipe!
I have to say this was the WORST dessert ever made by my gourmet club. We have been meeting four times a year for the past ten years and I have never been as disappointed in a dessert as I have been with this choice (and I chose the recipe!)
I just made this tart tonight and had my first piece. Absolutely delicious. The honey undertones were great with the spiciness of the cinnamon and the creaminess of the cheese. In an unconventional twist, I sprinkled some crystallized ginger over half of the tart, and it was amazing. The flavors came together perfectly. The crust was great (coming from someone who usually butchers an oil crust). I'd make this again in a heartbeat!
This tart is ok, I did follow the directions to a T. However did anyone else really think that the dough needed salt? It just didnt have that rounded out flavor. Subbed Mace for the mastic, as I was unable to find it and ran out of time to get to the spice shop. Made the individual ones and presentation wise they were lovely.
I was disappointed by the filling. I drown practically everything in honey (toast, yogurt, etc) and found the combination in this recipe extremely unappetizing. The crust, however, had a lovely flavor.
It is really delicious and even though I come fom Greece, none of my friends knew this recipe. I have done it once, and I'll do it again...
The filling is really delicious. We make our own honey, and this delicately flavored filling really showcased the honey flavor wonderfully. The crust was pretty bland, and there was way too much of it. I would make this again, but I would reduce the amount of crust and increase the amount of filling.
Interesting texture and flavors. I'm not a huge fan of oil crusts, but all in all I really liked this. I liked the simplicity of the flavors -- one could really taste the honey undertones, but it wasn't overpowering.
from the longer article about Greek Easter celebrations: Mastic, the crystallized sap from a wild shrub, is available at Middle Eastern markets. "For this recipe," says Kremezi, "the finely grated zest of half a lemon makes a fine substitute."
What is mastic?Meh...not so much
This is our favorite corn bread. I use 1 cup fine ground cornmeal and 1/2 cup stone ground cornmeal. Use a good aged sharp Cheddar. We cook it in cast iron corn stick and muffin pans for a crispy outside.
I thought this was fantastic, except that it took about three times as long to finish baking as the recipe indicated. I added a smidge of melted butter to the top as soon as it came out of the oven. I served it with very flavorful chili, and it went well.
I thought this was very blah. I added a jalepeno and it still had little flavor. For all the fat and cheese, I would expect more payoff.
Bland and rubbery (from the cheese) in flat squares(from the jelly rool pan). What was I thinking to sere this for a party!
I so loved the fresh corn spoon bread which was delicious and so close to my spoon bread recipe that with the sweet fresh summer corn was a delight. Don't make any changes. Old corn would not work. Only change I would make would be a very, very slight addition of mustard. Dijon, but very slight as the fresh summer corn is sweet and very good on it's own.
I omitted the salt and the scallions and since i am located at a high elevation i had to increase the cooking time by an additional 8 minutes. With these alterations, the cornbread was great. Plus i used fresh white corn, it makes the difference.
Tastes dag nasty. I think the scallions are a bad call.
I am also glad I read the previous reviews: I omitted the salt (could add maybe 1/8 tsp), and increased the sugar to 2+1/2 tbsp. I also used frozen corn (microwaved for 3 minutes) instead of fresh, and since buttermilk is not a big thing here in Canada, I substituted 1+1/2 cups of 2% milk + 1 tsp cider vinegar, and finally, added 1/4 tsp of Cayenne pepper for a little zip. It turned out FABULOUS! I baked it in my toaster oven, and it yielded 24 mini-muffins plus one toaster-oven pan of cornbread. Yum, I would definitely make this again, it's sure to impress guests!!
Happy I read the previous reviews! My family is accustomed to "Jiffy" mix cornbread which is quite sweet. I wouldn't say this bread is "salty", but it's not close to being sweet. Tripled the sugar and sprinkled a bit more over the top. Still the kid wouldn't eat it, but the adults were pleased.
Didn't like it at all. Way too salty.
This was quick and easy and very good. Next time I think I will double the sugar. I don't normally like cornbread sweet but I think a bit more sugar would enhance the flavor.
We made this for dinner tonight along with the half time chili (which was great). The corn bread was so salty we couldnt eat it. Were going to make it tomorrow night to have with the remaining chili but with NO SALT. I think the bread would be great if the flavours weren't overpowered by salt.
Really good. Add 1 tsp chipotle chili powder (from Penzeys or somewhere else) for nice flavor. I like that it's super quick to assemble AND to bake, that it makes enough to for more than two people, and that in its thin shape it is perfect for topping with a scoopful of homemade chili. Don't overbake, and remember to butter the pan even if it's nonstick.
DELICIOUS!! I really liked the texture of the fresh corn and flavour of the scallions. This cornbread was moist, not too sweet - just perfect. I was very happy with the way this turned out and will make it again soon!
This is my favorite corn bread recipe. Fresh corn helps but frozen works. By using a jelly roll pan the pieces are perfect for a bread basket. Serve with honey butter or plain.I was really gung ho to try this recipe. It sounds so intriguing. These flavors just didn't jive. I did use frozen sweet corn because it is not corn season in Ohio yet, but still it had a very starchy flavor. I will make it again though because I'm determined to like it. I will just have to play with the recipe.
When I lived in the Orlando area, a big treat fo my son to go to a real Mexican ice cream shop where we were the only English speakers in the place. Oh! The ice cream was wonderful! All of it was freshly made and there were many flavors that were defintely not familiar to us. It was a joyful aventure,an excange in broken English and Spanish and and a whole lot of fun for all of us! One day, they gave this Gringa a sample of Maize Ice Cream. I think they expected me to make a face, but I loved it! So did my son. We don't live down there anymore, so our visits to the store are far between. I recently came home with an ice cream churn and the first thing my son asked for was Corn Ice Cream! So glad the recipe was here for us! Thank you!!!
Finally tried this. Not exactly what I remember from Mexico, but good. The sweet corn flavor comes through, and some kernals can be left in, if desired, for more texture. My husband, who is from Mexico, likes it too, and says it tastes more natural than the corn ice cream of his homeland. For those who resist the idea of making a dessert from a vegetable, consider pumpkin pie, sweet potato pie, carrot cake, zucchini bread...
I am going to try this one as soon as I can. In my little hometown in Puerto Rico back in 1968 an inventive ice cream parlor owner started making corn ice cream. The result was so good that he has gained deserved fame (even international) and to this day going to Lares to eat corn ice cream is a tradition for many. By the way, what do you think of avocado, beans and a long etcetera of untraditional ice cream flavors that the man has created?
I have not tried this recipe but it sounds like the most disgusting thing I would want to eat. I believe in not knocking it before trying it but this is rediculous.I made cheese using this recipe for my New York-Italian fiance and he was really impressed. He even said it was better than the cheese we got at an Italian restaurant recently. It was easy but I think it does take some practice to get it just right. Also, i was able to get curd at Central Market and Whole Foods has it too.
Apparently it's not available through the Epicurious site anymore - at least not so far as I can find it. You can either make the curd, or buy it. Try Google.com for curd recipes - to buy curd, try these guys (I make no promises about them - I just found them through a cursory web search). You can also find beginning-to-end cheese making kits via Google. www.todarobros.com/cheese_products.asp www.dibruno.com/Search.bok?keyword=Mozzarella+Curd
receipe for curd?
there is nothing to compare with fresh mozzarella! it's great to make it yourself because nobody is putting salt in at the deli's any more. you can put the salt into the final bath too... gives it a little taste without getting too much if you can't have much salt.
didn't make it yet, but i think mozzarella curds are made from adding rennet or similar enzymes to the milk. I read somewhere that producers of fresh mozzarella wear rubber gloves to keep the heat off the skin. also plunging and replunging hands in cold water slows down the process, i think this might affect the quality of the cheese.
I have looked on the main page and I can not find the source for the curd. Help anyone? Thanks
this is a greate way too save money and eat cheese
WOW!!!!!! I've been wanting to do this for so long! Thank you Michael! I love the TV show and this was great!!
I cut my ingredients in half and added about 3/4 cup of salt to the boiling water. The results were quite good, a nice soft cheese with good texture and a nice taste. I got a good tip from a young man at a local gourmet shop. He told me to partically thaw the curd, cut that into cubes, and put that into the boiling water. Remove that from the stove and pour it into an other bowl. let that sit until the curd becomes stringy and have at it. It worked great
After seeing this recipe on Epicurious TV, I've been trying to make the curd myself. I finally found this COMPLETE recipe for mozzarella cheese (including the curd making): http://fiascofarm.com/dairy/mozzarella.htm There's a lot of info. on cheesemaking on that website and others. I just bought a thermometer with a corded sensor at my local scientific supply company, and I'm "trying it again." I plan to try making various cheeses, and maybe invent some of my own.
People should really look at the main page. The link for fresh mozzerella curd is plainly shown.
I couldn't agree with the prior reviewer more. Why place a recipe on the site that cannot be tried because you have not identified a source for one or more of the ingredients (mozzarella curd)? I'm very interested in making fresh mozzarella but have not located any source for the curd.
Most people cannot get the mozzarella curds, I've looked and asked. Then the expense is more then you may think. Also, only experienced cooks would try to handle hot cheese and then place their hands in cold water to releave the heat. It would be better to use a seive or large slotted spoon.The receipe should have a link where to get the mozzarella curd.Came out very, very soupy. I had to add too much flour and it never came out right.
the dough turned out runny like cake mix. I do not recommend using this for pasta.
I made linguine with this recipe and it was delicious. I substituted all-purpose flour for the cake flour (as per appropriate substitution rules). The only reason I gave it 3 forks instead of 4 is because the dough does have a slightly eggy taste to it (ala egg noodles) before I doused it with pesto or marinara. I'm not sure I'd want to use this recipe for an original-style fettuccine alfredo (butter and parm) because the egginess might come through too much, but it's fine with strong sauces and would be great as a kugel. I also make sweet pea-yogurt cheese ravioli with some of the dough. I froze both kinds of the pasta I made and they had a wonderful chewy-springiness upon boiling.
This was an awful soupy mess when followed as directed. After adding over 2+ cups of flour to bring it to a smooth and elastic state, it was usable. I make fresh pasta a lot and was just looking for a new recipe. This is NOT it, despite it turning out decent with all my adjustments.
This was an awful soupy mess when followed as directed. After adding over 2+ cups of flour to bring it to a smooth and elastic state, it was usable. I make fresh pasta a lot and was just looking for a new recipe. This is NOT it, despite it turning out decent with all my adjustments.
This easy recipe made better fettuccini than spaghetti for this first time pasta maker. The fettuccini was soft and wonderful without being gummy
Perfect pasta, fresh is best! The pasta was indeed a little sticky at first, but I just kept working it and only adding a bit of flour to keep it from sticking. After about 8 minutes it was nice and elasticy. After resting an hour it was exactly the consistency needed to go through the machine. Usually fresh pasta cooks in about 90 seconds to 2 minutes. I had to cook this recipe about 3.5 minutes, but I was making a thicker ribbon pasta so that might be why.
Easy to make, would do it again.
I dont mean to brag or anything(since I made it) but these are the best noodles I have ever had... To the previous review, my dough was somewhat messy as well in the beginning, so I added another tsp of oil- worked it, then added a little more flour. Remember the half cup of regular flour is set aside for rolling.
I followed the recipe exactly and ended up with a sticky mess!
Perfect. Don't change anything. Super simple in the processor.This dish sounded so delicious, but the recipe was seriously lacking flavor and texture. I saved it by adding double the lemon zest, soy sauce and mirin to taste, giving it a smoother texture and more rounded and interesting flavor. I also used frozen spinach, which I think is much easier and just as tasty. I might also use some fresh ginger in it next time.
You better not be a vegan or a vegetarian if you plan to make this. It has dashi in it :)P.S--see reviews for dashi. there's a heated debate there! :)
Make sure you have enough spinach on hand to make this - it requires a ton! The lemon flavor is excellent - will make again the next time I can get my hands on some fresh spinach.
Great dish for those who love spinach.One word--yuck!
I will definitely make this again. It makes a quick, delicious summer meal. I used spicy V-8 to give it more zip.I used large garden tomatoes, blanched/shocked, skinned and seeded. Sadly, had to use dried basil, but this is as basic as it gets. I crush my garlic to a paste and don't need to cook it much. I also used half the olive oil. Recipe is fine, couldn't be simpler, but I regret not having fresh basil on hand.
I love this recipe. I made it with tomatoes from our garden and cooked them in my Le Creuset pan. I pureed them in my Vita-Mix and it was as smooth as baby food. It was delicious!!!
This is very tasty and a good way to use a bumper crop of Romas. However, the recipe is not written well, especially for beginners (should include heat settings and time). Also, the tomatoes really need to be skinned first. I ended up straining the skins out at the end. Made a mess and I lost about half the sauce.This is probably the worst dish I have ever made in my long life of cooking. The dish tastes sour--there is nothing to cut the lemon juice in the sauce and the whole thing looks so unappealing, like a dog's breakfast. What a waste of beef and other ingredients. The fava beans are not the fault here, they could be good, but the fricassΘe is just disgusting.
I felt that this was a waste of good beef and good fava beans. The flavors didn't combine well, the beef came out tough, and the favas were lost in all that egg and cream.
This dish was amazingly rich and delicious. I would serve it for guests again.
I didn't think there was too much lemon. It goes great with the beef and mint. My major problem is that the sauce a bit too heavy, so I would cut down on the cream next time. As an added bonus, I used half the fava beans and added eggplant. Delicious!
Absolutely the worst dish I've made in 24 years of marriage. The lemon juice overwhelmed the entire dish. None of the flavors melded - truly a waste of good ingredients!
This was incredible! My husband had thrid helpings. I used fresh fava beans, a bit of prep, but worth the time. I followed the recipe exactly, the only thing I may do next time is cut the lemon juice just a bit, it was a bit strong, but the flavors worked so well together, and don't leave out the mint. I almost did, but it really makes the dish.
OH MY YUM..... We have a place in Bear Valley, California and all of our entire family and friends love this dish. I usually double the sauce. I only have used fresh Fava beans. I serve with Orzo lighly tossed with pesto.
We though the flavors worked; we would make two modifications. The menu suggested crusty bread to "...mop up the sauce." there was no sauce to mop up! If I made this again I would add a broth to the cream/egg mixture to lighten it up, and add some juice. Secondly, we thought it was a bit heavily salted. One teaspoon would have been enough.
blah. the combination has nothing to offer. i used frozen lima beans and they were gross. they needed an overly rich sauce to cover their sins, but the end result was not worth 10 minutes of prep time.
This was good--how could it not be with tenderloin and fava beans?--but we all agreed we'd probably enjoy them more separately. Fresh beans in pod required an incredible amount of prep. Fortunately, my daughter helped. The author starts by saying there are times you can't imagine adorning a fresh fava with anything but sea salt, and I'd agree with that.
I substituted half and half for the heavy cream the second and third time I made it (can you tell we really liked this?!) and tasted no difference. The blend of fresh fava beans, onions and really good beef is really fabulous! I have also made the onion/fava bean mixture and served it with pan-seared Haddock on top- lovely flavors as well!
I used frozen lima beans and this dish was delicious. The lemon flavor gave the right kick to the beans and beef. I'm love this easy, you already have everything in your pantry, everyday, healthy meal!animals
We have been on a salad kick. I adapted this to be more healthy-made a grilled Jerk chicken breast instead. Didn't have some ingredients so substituted lettuce for the cabbage and addedmore onions. Also added a little bacon.
I was skeptical of this recipe also, spinach and cabbage sounded unappetizing. I was banking on the fact that 100% would make this dish again. It was very good. I wanted grilled chicken, so I used grilled rather than fried, with my own spices. I also added bacon. It was good without but even better with bacon.
I was skeptical about this recipe but have found the fork rating system to be quite reliable so I gave it a try. I was really impressed - a really nice light supper, especially if you make your own breaded chicken and add a bit of cold, cooked pasta to the salad.
This is a delicious salad. I didn't use frozen fried chicken, I fried boneless skinless chicken breast. The dressing is delicious too. This is a recipe that I'll make many more times. My husband ask me to give the recipe to his mother, he doesn't ask that often.
this is delicious and quick- and the presentation is nice. the only thing is that the dressing a little sweet- but that was completely a personal prefernce- i have made this several times; it is a keeper.Well. Lord-a-mercy!! We tried this recipe and loved it! I did increase the spices a bit. I must heartily desagree with the writer whose comments were tasteless and absurd, to say nothing of being downright unkind. We have enjoyed many fine meals first at Olives, and at several of his other restaurants.
My hubby picked this recipe, after viewing my online recipe box. We tried it last night and we certainly were NOT impressed. The chicken was bland. The spices weren't pronounced at all. It tasted like it had just been floured and peppered. Also, we really didn't care for the salad dressing. We love making our own dressings, but this one was completely overpowered by the balsamic vinegar. If you try this recipe, I hope you like vinegar, cause it's all you will taste. It was edible (without the dressing), but certainly nothing to write home about.I used 1/2 the amount of oil. After cooking and adding spices I tossed in some plain mixed nuts and dried them further in a warm convection oven. The spices were plenty to flavor the mixed nuts and it made an interesting combination. We liked them
These were interesting but the spice just didn't do it for us. Plus, they lost their crunch after an hour and seemed greasy.
This recipe is addictive. Simple, easy, and delicious.... One caution: I made this twice so far, and found thatt the salt content of the canned beans vary greatly, so taste the fried product before salting, and you will be in heaven!I am not a big fan of arugula. I would make it again with spinach instead.
This is a rustic dish. Prosciutto and arugula are a favourite combination for many of us but you have to like them. If the flavours and textures are not familiar to you, then probably stick with eggs benedict. We liked it, would make it again but not for another couple of years. I also liked the ease of frying the eggs over poaching them. I sure think this is far too much food for 2 people. I halved everything but the prosciutto and we had plenty.
I thought the arugula and very thinly sliced prosciutto were a great combination with the egss!! The cheese sauce is good, but they don't go together that well. I would make a regular eggs benedict sauce. I loved the idea that you don't have to poach the eggs; and once the sauce is on top of them, you don't notice the difference. After all of that it was my husband's favorite! So I hope some of you try it and give us good feedback. I want this to be a great recipe and it just needs a little work.
The arugula did not work--it was bitter. Its also easy for the sauce to curdle if you are not careful.
The arugula gave it a wierd flavor, and the prosciutto doesn't cut very easily, so the whole slice would fall off. however, the cheese sauce was delightful, I would make it again with other dishes.not bad, though a kinda bland. Needs lemon juice or hot sauce or something.
Great, easy dinner. I poached the eggs, as we like poached better than fried. This also saved time as I could cook the eggs as the veggies were cooking! I served with fresh, Oxnard-grown strawberries and a fig-walnut bread.Very bland. Very sensitive to the correct temperature. Must have the temp within 5 degrees of the suggested temp or they will not puff.Make a real remoulade...
This was delicious! I made it for my boyfriend who had never eaten oysters before,we ate them all. I also found some frog legs at the store so I just floured them the same way and fried them right along with the oysters. The remoulade was wonderful. It went well with both.My husband and kids really liked it. I wish I had doubled it, and next time I will. I used "sticky rice" instead of long grain and made it in my rice cooker, and I substituted sesame oil for some of the oil. I will defifnitely make it again.
Pretty nice recipe, however I added some chive, sweet peppers and onions just to jazz it up a bit. This is a recipe for those days that are really hectic. It's simple and fast.
This needs: soy sauce to taste; egg - beaten, fried into a pancake, diced; chicken (if you want to add meat - poach and cut small; and some coriander (cilantro) Top with a splash of sweet chilli sauce for spice if you like it. Excellent!
I agree there is something missing, though it is pretty good. I added the green part of the scallions, salt, pepper, and lemon rind to "kick it up a notch" I multiplied the recipe by 3 so I could have a nice pot of it and I'm glad I did. The ginger is very nice, and I added a little extra. I think what may be missing to pull it all together is garlic! Still good and still pretty. My peas did not go pale like the previous writer said.
Kind of bland and definitely boring. Much better fried rice recipes to be found, even on this website. It is very quick and easy to make. Adding chicken or shrimp would help balance it out and give it more depth.
Easy to make and doesn't taste bad, just tastes OK...much too bland for me. I added soy sauce for extra flavor, but it needs something else.
The fried rice was so easy to make. My friends loved it. I'll definately make it again, next time I'll add some chicken or pork.This is just an okay recipe. For a better shrimp po'boy recipe, check out my blog (http://betweencourses.blogspot.com/). There is also a great technique detailed there on how to make shrimp plump and crisp for any shrimp recipe.
I just can back from New Orleans and had a fabulous po' boy made with whole breaded shrimp that had a cajun flavor, not just cayenne. This recipe seems to lack the full flavor of what a po' boy was meant to have.
Even my kids, who aren't crazy about shrimp, loved this dinner. I used plain breadcrumbs, and I thought the shrimp was still very flavorful.
I haven't tried this recipe yet, but have wanted it for several years. I LOVE Flo's. When we are visiting family near Murrell's Inlet we always stop for this sandwich and oysters on the half shell. If it so terrible, why is it packed every time we are there?
I have to admit to having never tried this recipe, but since I look to this site for advice I feel compelled to chime in with the others who have said the food at Flo's is terrible. I have eaten there and would never go back. Italian breadcrumbs in breading for a Po' Boy? Say no more....
If you try passing this sandwich off as a Po'Boy in New Orleans, (home of the authentic Po'Boy), you could get the death penalty for it. Real shrimp Po'Boys are made with whole, deep-fried shrimp, often beer battered, and they NEVER use Italian breadcrumbs. You have obviously, sadly, been sorely deprived of the exquisite pleasure of a real N.O. po'boy. Just as obviously, they ain't made in S.C.!! As a sort of shrimp patty sandwich, these are okay. I used freshly crushed saltine crackers instead of the breadcrumbs and cracker meal, only 1 egg, increased the cayenne pepper to 1/2 tspn, and added some horseradish. I was also careful to add the cracker crumbs a little at a time, AFTER I mixed everything else together, so I probably only used about 1/3 cup in the patty mix to get the texture right. Alot is going to depend on the shrimp you use. I wouldn't use good quality large shrimp for this, but every once in a while I can get small shrimp cheaply. This would be good for something different for lunch.
Even though I had the displeasure of actually eating at Flo's when I lived in South Carolina, I gave this recipe a chance. It stunk, just like the food I had when I ate there.
I decided to play it safe and used only 1/4 cup breadcrumbs. Turned out great! Also used a little mayo with the tartar sauce. Will definitely make again.
I was very disappointed in this recipe. I thought the taste of the breadcrumbs overwhelmed the shrimp. Tasted too much like "filler". We needed lots of tartar sauce to give in any flavor. Bland and flat.Good recipe, and the aioli is a nice alternative to tartar sauce or horseradish.
Puttin on the ritz is an idea,but pulsing some panko to a fine grade should crisp it up more,other than that good squid.
At the risk of wrath of readers who get upset at such things - I looked at this but didn't make it for the reasons listed by other reviewers. Instead, what worked well was to slice and rinse the squid to calamari size, then soak in milk or buttermilk. After a while, I drained them and tossed them with a fry mix (seasoned flour, a touch of cornmeal), let them rest, then fried in a small pan in melted Crisco. Drain on a little rack over paper towel (cookie rack) and while still hot, season with good salt and fresh lemon juice. Easy, and tasty to die for.
I followed the recipe exactly, and the coating did not stay on very well. Also, I just don't think you can get the oil hot enough on your stove to have restaurant style results. This dish stunk up my house for 3-days, and the aioli tasted like a mildly flavored mayonaise. There has to be a better recipe out there for that. My suggestion is to skip the ritz crackers, use flour and cook it in a deep fat fryer (preferably outside). Or, don't even bother and order it next time you go out to eat.
I haven't tried this recipe in it's entirely. I've made the aoli (or a reasoble facsimile, with good results. I'm curious however about the squid. The Saltine crackers would sure simply things, but it seems to me that if the purpose of using them is for crispiness, then Japanese Panko crumbs my be a better choice. I'd love to hear from others about this.I thought this was a very nice light salad and the dressing lets the flavors from the radishes and cucumber standout. My boyfriend didn't like it but he's picky and hates vinegar.
This was, despite some very tasty components, one of the most bland salads we've ever encountered!!
Very light and fresh-tasting salad. I used seasoned rice vinegar and thought it was great. Also, used a combination of baby spinach and baby romaine, worked fine.The greens were OK but the salad needed more zip. It took a long time to strip the leaves off the stems.
This was your average salad with a few extras thrown in. The toasted pinenuts and mint were a nice touch, but if you're looking for a "special" salad, this isn't it. Easy yes, special no.Unless you've got the special slicer, don't bother with this. It's way too much hassle. Out of 22 guests, only 3 choose to take the onions with the rest of the recipe.This was fairly easy for the inexperienced cook like me; however, it lacks a certain something.... next time I will perhaps add a dash of cognac or another flavor along with the vanilla and almond, and will prepare a raspberry sauce to spoon over it as both a presentation and a flavor boost.
This was a very easy souffle, light and fresh. I would make it again.well, it was a beautiful color. the problem is that it was delicious before i froze it. freezing made it grainy, and once it was super cold, the flavor wasn't as intense. i like the idea of this recipe and may tinker with it a bit. otherwise, i think i'll make the puree and sabayon to use with something baked and chocolate.
Yes, it's very good. But for the effort, go buy yourself an expensive pint of cherry ice cream. I'm not one to shirk long preparations. I'm willing to spend all day making a dinner that takes less than an hour to eat. However, this took an hour and a half of effort (plus chilling between steps and when complete) and the final result was just good ice cream. You don't even get to hand off the work to an ice cream maker.
I am not sure how this recipe was supposed to look like after it's done. Mine did not look great; plus the second part of the instructions where the egg yolk mixture was supposed to be cooked to 140 degrees was really impossible to do. Mine only reached 75 degrees and holding the metal bowl on top of another simmering pot (without touching the bottom!) was difficult and awkward. I am not sure I want to make this again using the same instructions but I do intend to simplify the part where the yolk mixture is cooked. It did taste good although I forgot to put in the chocolate chips and I just threw them in for toppping together with some slivered almonds. It was a good enough use of some fresh cherries of mine that were already over-ripe and would be wasted soon. However, pitting them all plus the complicated/experimental/unusual procedure of this recipe and the actual apppearance of the result does not justify all the work.
The reciped didn't yield enough volume to go over the top of my 6-cup souffle dish, so I improvised, with great success. I melted the remaining chocolate from a 12 oz package with about 1T of butter and a splash of kirsch. I whipped up the egg whites, adding about 1/3C of sugar, and separately beat 1 1/2 cups of cream. I mixed it all together and put it on the top, making a terrific frozen chocolate mousse top. My family loved the whole thing!I would say that this is a very good cake. However if you don't have a good amount of time I wouldn't do it and if you are looking for a quick and easy cake then this is not the cake for you. But if you have that time and experience than I would definitely give it a shot.
I made this for Christmas Eve. It was exceptional. I agree with other bakers that the cake was a little lighter than the photo but it tasted fine. We used McConnell's Peppermint Ice Cream and it was just perfect. My cake did start to crack after I put the ice cream in it, but I just rolled it up and put it in the freezer overnight and after putting the meringue on it you never would have known. It also gave me an excuse to buy a kitchen torch at Sur La Table which I have always wanted. It was a complete success in all ways. I would consider making a chocolate genoise from The Cake Bible next time as an experiment to see whether I liked it better, but overall, this was a hit just as is.
In the end, my family said it was delicious - which it was, because of the combination of peppermint ice cream and chocolate sauce. But I could have made brownies with ice cream & chocolate sauce and had the same flavors (and more chocolatey flavor) and saved a lot of work. This should have been all about presentation, but like other reviewers I found the cake (prepped and baked exactly as directed) impossible to roll. It cracked like crazy, the ice cream slid around, and it finally came out as a rolled rectangle. Luckily the meringue layer hid a lot and it looked pretty with garnishes, but I will do a traditional buche de Noel with buttercream filling next time.
After reading the first reviews of this recipe I was a bit skeptical! But I was determined to try it anyway. The cake was okay, pale in color and not a whole lot of flavor. I baked it 2 minutes less as previously suggested. I probably had the ice cream a little too soft so the end result was not quite round.....The overall taste and time it took to make this was definitly not worth it.....Make a Baked Alaska... much easier
The cake was beautiful and my family was very impressed. The chocolate cake was a bit dry, but I probably over baked it. It tasted very good especially with warm chocolate sauce on top! Who doesn't like cake and ice cream?
A terrible recipe. Although the cake has an ok flavor it doesn't roll well and is very hard to manage. There are many other better "Buche" recipes on this site.
I've decided to make this cake so I can do ahead and place in freezer until the 25th. So far, the cake came out light colored as others have stated, but it tastes good. I used turkey hill peppermint chocolate chunk ice cream, and it was just the right amount to fill the cake. I have yet to frost it. we shall see about the next step...Maybe I'll add some extra flavor to the meringue to avoid the blah flavor
It was pretty but it didn't have much taste. The cake does not turn out nearly as dark as the picture indicates and has very little chocolate flavor. I used Haagen-dasz holikday st chocolate and peppermint bark ice cream, which was good. The meringue was pretty but contributed little tast. There are better buche de noel recipes out there!
I have made buche noel before and my family has always loved this holiday treat. I thought I would try the ice cream version for something new. Big mistake! This cake did not come together well at all and tasted blah! too. The first set of ingredients were very stiff and thick and it was near impossible to "fold in the first set of egg whites and so I ended up forcing the mixture together. I was able to fold in the second amount of egg white and thought the cake might be okay but noticed it was a very light color and not chocolate looking at all. I baked the cake according to directions and took it out of the oven at 12 minutes. This was too long! The cake was way over baked and the cooking time should have been closer to 10 minutes. I cooled the cake according to the recipe and as I have done with other buche noel cakes, I have made, I wrapped it in the dusted towel. Warm it rolled well. However, after it cooled and I unrolled it to put in the ice cream it began to crack everywhere. This was probably due to the overcooking but the cake was not spongy enough either. I also needed to have more than 2 pints of ice cream. It was not enough. I went through, rolled it anyway, wrapped it, and froze it cracks and all. The next day I before I bothered to take the time to frost with meringue I cut off an end and tried it. Not good! The cake had the texture and taste of cardboard and had no depth of chocolate. I will be making something else for my dinner party this weekend! As I am the first review, I am curious to know others experience. Cheers!I thought this was fabulous on a hot summer day! I've made it several times and every time people just rant and rave!
This dessert was hard to deal with. It didn't come out of the pan easily. It didn't serve as many people as I thought it would. It wasn't great.
I thought the presentation wasn't very good. You could hardly distinguish between the layers of mousse and cookies. I used blackberries instead of blueberries and that worked fine. A much better (and beautifully presented) lemon mousse recipe is the Bon Appetit Lemon Mousse with Rasberry Mint Sauce.
NOTE: You MUST remove this from the freezer about 20 - 30 minutes before serving to soften it up a little. It was too hard The amaretti cookies make a wonderful texture contrast to the smooth mousse and the lemon/almond flavours work well together. I served it with strawberries.
I thought this recipe was pretty mediocre, and after making it, was especially puzzled why the author of the recipe thought the mousse should be frozen. It added nothing to the flavor of the mousse, and the texture was not pleasant. The dessert tasted better after what was leftover was put in the refrigerator.
I recently served this to some visiting relatives. It was light, cool and perfect for a very hot summer evening. I especially liked the fact that I could make this ahead of time and pull it out of the freezer when I wanted to use it. It sliced up very easily for serving. I used bordeaux cookies instead of amaretti and was pleased with the result. The contrasting colors of the mousse and sauce make this very easy to dress up for a more dramatic presentation. I will certainly make it again, but may try my favorite lemon mousse (also a Bon Appetit recipe)instead of the one listed here.This was a HUGE hit!!! I made it for work months ago and people STILL ask when I'm going to make it again. The blend of textures is amazing, and the rum flavor is just perfect. I'm planning to show it off at my next family event!
I made this based on the 4 fork rating (I only now discovered no one has reviewed this recipe so where do these forks come from?) and my love of semi-freddo which this closely resembled from the ingredients but I was terribly disappointed with the results. The rum taste "sat on top" and never really blended into the flavour and all in all it was bland (except for the rum which was overwhelming). I love nougat and chocolate but taste of the former never made it through. Never to be made again I am afraid!I didn't have mint or shallots, so I substituted arugula and onion. I also only had milk, so the sauce wasn't "creamy" at all. But it was really quite good. A light flavorful pasta, that was a nice change from parmesan type sauces. The arugula substitution worked especially well. We liked it and would probably make it again someday, maybe as written next time.
I made this after searching for a recipe with pasta and carrots (because I had them already) and was delighted to find a recipe requiring mint, which I also had on hand. Warning to particular readers: I substituted frozen corn for the peas and thin spaghetti for fusilli (since they were the ingredients I had). The result was delicious. The carrots, mint, chicken stock and cream combination was a winner.
Sauce was flavorless...pea flavor much to prevelantAm sipping this while writing and I've realized I haven't had one of these since, like 1973. If you're in the mood for a retro SWEET cocktail, this should fit the bill.
This recipe makes my navel feel FUZZY!
You're supposed to make this drink in a highball glass? Nothing with the word "ball" should be associated with this drink if you know what I mean. You forgot to add "to be drank with pinky finger extended" to the recipe.I agree with the previous review saying this dish is bland. It is however, a great starting point. The first time I made it exactly as directed. It was time consuming and a bit disappointing in the end. The second time around I made the dough with a dough hook in my stand mixer and it came out perfectly. The filling needs to be bumped up. I subbed cilantro for the parsley and doubled it, used twice the chorizo and twice the chicken, and added 8 oz sliced chihuahua cheese. I also sprinkled the top of the egg wash with sea salt. The filling to crust ratio seemed much better. I cooked it in my 12 inch cast iron skillet, and the time/temp directions were pretty much spot on. I did cover the top with foil for the last 10 minutes to keep the crust from over-browning. The crust on this is really really thick, making this a great dish to serve along side soup or salad.
I tried this tonight. A lot of work for not much flavor. I used cajun smoked sausage instead of chorizo and some chicken. The filling needs some kind of sauce to make it more like a pot pie. It's too dry. The crust is ok but it cooked to much on top and I didn't cook it the full 45. I may try it again but will change the dryness factor and add more seasoning.
We have been making Empanada in my family fr many generations since we are from Galicia. You can make it without the peppers ( I actually prefer it that way), also add a pinch of cumin and saffron for flavor. You can fill it with whatever you like, mussels, octopus, tuna fish, chorizo....anything that your heart desires is a good filling for this pie. However I wouldn't recommend putting live crabs in there as a great aunt supposedly did years ago, thestory says that the Empanada ran out of the oven....lol
I'd like to try this, but hate bell peppers. Anyone have suggestions for substitution? I've never made this kind of meat pie before.
I'd like to try this, but hate bell peppers. Anyone have suggestions for substitution? I've never made this kind of meat pie before.This is very similar to my grandmother's mint sauce recipe. Incredible with lamb at Easter. Grandma's calls for 1/2c less mint, minced, and adds it at the sugar stage, not the general cooking stage. Also her general cooking stage was a bit shorter than 1/2hr (Might be the reason for the "grey color" and faded mint comment.) Also, instead of prepared mustard, hers calls for 1 oz of mustard seed, which provides a nice texture. Mustard seeds come out with a pickly flavor that pops apart in your mouth. Really a great recipe.
It a waste of mint. An ugly grey color, the mint flavor faded away in the cooking. The tomatoes vanished too. I threw the whole batch away. Flavor was okay.
I diced the onions, tomatoes and raisins, for additional texture, which I appreciated. The mint flavour is quite subtle, and perhaps could be increased.This is a good way to start a soup. I used a mushroom bouillon instead of just water and regular onions instead of scallions. This gave it a bit of a heartier taste. I also threw in a bay leaf. If it is too starchy just make sure you are letting the potato's cook thoroughly in the broth or water. I really enjoyed it but there were a lot of modifications I had to make.
I hated this recipe It was WAY GUMMY and I spent longer trying to bring the flavor out than I did making it. It should be called fried potato soup because that's what it tasted like.
Not sure what to say about this recipe. For some reason I do not understand, the garlic and oil got too hot too fast and therefore the potatoes did not have a chance to absorb the garlic flavor. This meant that the soup was BLAND but adding lots of scallions, salt and pepper helped immensely. I may try making this again but being sure to cook the first three ingredients low and slow. (No, I am not a totally inexperienced cook. ;-)
This was definitely a dish of warm, garlicky goodness for a sullen winter night. I left a few tiny lumps in the potatoes and that was really nice if you go for that sort of thing.
Quick and Easy! I thought the soup was great. I added 1/4 cup of celery and some heavy whipping cream. Then topped the soup with cheddar cheese. Both my husband and I enjoyed it.
This Tasted like very starchy ,thin garlic mashed potatoes. I used chicken broth instead of water and added thyme and marjoram but it didn't help.
fair-had to add seasoning-needs thinning
This is a great basic recipe for beginners because it's pretty much idiot proof and tastes great. Instant gratification for recipients of new food processors!
It was delicious, I used Yukon Gold potatos and added some chives. Wonderful and very low in fat.I have some sugestions a chef friend gave to me: add some flour to the shrimp, and also chicken boullion powder (instead of salt) and then, some white wine. The flour will help sauce to thicken. Parsley helps to avoid the garlicky aftertaste because it is astringent.
Don't they mean roast a HEAD of garlic, as opposed to just one glove? One glove would be pretty skimpy.x
Candace- cook the chicken until a thermometer inserted into the thickest part of the thigh reads 165 degrees. To the cook from Kenmore, WA- yes, this recipe does call for a lot of butter. If you notice the year it was published that explains a lot. If you are looking for recipes with a lower fat content you should try Cooking Light Magazine. They have a lot of reformulated ones. By the way, I wouldn't delete any of the butter, I thought it was delicious!
Waaaaay too much butter! Holy clogged arteries! No wonder James Beard croaked!
How long do you cook the chicken????everyone in my family loved it. Not sure why it got such bad reviews.
I too was disappointed. The flavor was good; but the breadcrumb mixture did not adhere to the broccoli. Perhaps cutting the broccoli spears and florets in smaller pieces would have helped.
This was fantastic! Made it twice now for different people, and they loved it. Not sure why the other two reviews are so bad here, it pretty much does what it says on the tin; garlicky breadcrumb broccoli. I will say it is very much breadcrumbs caught in the broccoli, as opposed to broccoli coated with crumbs.
I had visions of crisp breadcrumbs napping the tender, garlicy broccoli; it was just GARLICKY and nasty.... Sorry....
I was disappointed with this recipe. It was rather bland and I ended up adding lemon juice. The flavors of garlic, lemon zest and mint were quickly absorbed and hidden in the fresh bread crumbs.I read the first review and decided to try it anyway, cuz it's so easy to make. I doubled the chives, garlic, cumin and dill and thought that it was very good. I also tried it again with 1 scallion instead of chives. Maybe even better. I'm going to try it next with celery salt instead of cumin and salt.
Totally boring - if I made it again I'd triple the garlic.This is the second rating, and we average One Fork, not three! Can't even believe there is a recipe for this standard way of making spinach. And I would never do it this way. Don't bother with the cooking. Saute shaved or chopped garlic in olive (or other) oil. Remove bits of garlic if you wish. Nuke the spinach 30 seconds, then toss it in the warm garlic-infused oil.
How long can you store any unused portions of this recipe in the fridge?
How can 100% of the people reviewing the recipe make it again if no one has reviewed the recipe?
Giving it 1 Fork for the unnecessary bother of pre-cooking the spinach; a waste of time, water and cleanup effort. Just rinse the spinach so it has some water clinging to the leaves, then saute the garlic in a large lidded pan, add spinach, cover for a few minutes til wilted, proceed.
This is a healthy, tasty, quick and easy recipe. Those not so keen on garlic could substitute 2 lightly fried shallots or spring onions instead.
How can it have 2 1/2 forks if there are 0 reviews?I cannot believe how many people have rated this recipe without even trying it. This is a very easy and good recipe. No, it's not classic with tomatoes, but a lot of gazpacho recipes use tomato juice as a base. I had never seen jicama in gazpacho before, but it really is good. It's crunchy and refreshing. Like almost all recipes on here, you just need to tweak it a little bit. Add tabasco or peppers if you like it hot. Add more lime juice if you want. Add onions if you like onions. This happens to be a good, basic recipe. I have made it in double batches for three summers now. I always add fresh lime juice and avocado when I serve it.
I haven't made this recipe so maybe I shouldn't even be reviewing it all. That said I find it down right offensive that anyone would suggest making Gazpacho with V8. Next Gourmet will be telling us to make Belgian Waffles with Egg Beaters.
This is a lame recipe. No onion, no cilantro, no lime juice, no hot sauce. And who the hell makes gazpacho with V-8? This may be ok to serve some VERY provincial soul from somewhere like Omaha who fans their mouth at even "mild" salsa, but to real gazpacho lovers, it is a joke. Sorry.
I agree that it is easier to halve the ingredients, and only roughly chop them and puree them, rather than worry about dicing them. The Gazpacho recipes I've seen call for tomato juice. You need a base for the soup. One of the best is from the Moosewood Cookbook, with tomato juice, cuke, onion, green pepper, scallion, lemon and lime juice, vinegar, and chopped parsley, garlic and seasoning. Fantastic. Their recipe for Cascadilla soup also calls for tomato juice wisked with yogurt or sour cream, with veggies added. Yummy.
Give me a break! Next you will be telling me to use Campbell tomato soupe in my recipes. I thaught this was supposed to be gormet.
While this was not my favorite gazpacho recipe, I do always keep V8 on hand all summer because I find it is the best tomato juice ingredient to use when making gazpacho!
When your company reacts to your cooking, would you rather have them say "Wow...this is really...authentic", or "Wow...this tastes great, may I have another serving?"
This was very good. I admit that I felt guilty using V8 (like others, I'm not sure how authentic this recipe is), but my guests really enjoyed it. I think it's a good dinner party starter, because it gives you the opportunity to serve something tasty and beautiful, but spend more time preparing the other courses.
This was quick,easy,delicious and fun to make. Im not sue how "authentic" the recipe is-but who cares-it was yummy!
This is a delicious and extremely healthful dish. I love it with black beans quesadillas for dinner or by itself for a light lunch or snack.
Gee, I never knew "V8" was a Spanish ingredient! Check out the other Gazpacho recipe listed right below this one. It's MUCH more authentic! This one might be good with vodka served in a tall glass (rename it a bloody mary though).
I liked it, very tasty. I do have to admit that due to limited selection at the grocery store and time constraints I didn't follow the recipe exactly.... I left out the celery, substituted radishes for jicama and garnished with cilantro instead of chives. I also added a little cayenne pepper sauce. I did have to re-dice the cucumber because following the instructions my chunks were a little too big. Also in response to the comment above about halving the veggies.... I think part of the idea is to leave half the liquids un-pureed as well which is why you combine and then halve.
We love to eat raw foods and this recipe is a fantastic combination of fresh garden vegetables at the height of the season.
This recipe had good flavor but I have had better gazpacho recipes. The recipe was a little odd in that you only puree half after everything is mixed together. It would be easier to halve the vegies and put half (or more) along with all the liquids in the processor then puree.I am sorry to jump in on this one but Challah, is made with Egg, and it is made without Egg. You cannot say it is not Jewish Challah just because it is made in another area of the world. It was made by Jewish hands and served on the Sabbath by and for Jewish Families. Break the bread in peace, there are many other things to concerned about than if a bread contains an egg or not. Jim
My family came to the U.S. from Germany. It's funny to hear comments from people who think eggs make a challah real challah. In the eastern European tradition that is mostly true. However, in Germany challah had to be a white bread, fine- textured and nice and crusty. Egg challah seemed very odd to us. I think most Jewish communities in the world never put eggs into the challah dough. Nowadays I enjoy egg challah, but I still love the traditional challah I grew up with. Take a look at the Encyclopedia Judaica on this topic, if you want to see the variety of challot (with pictures) from around the world.
Plenty of Challah recipies don't have eggs - it is called water challah.
Georgia is known for its long-standing, centuries old religious tolerance. What do you know about Georgia or about the Jews there? Just because it's not the recipe YOU expect to see, doesn't mean it's not challah. Get out in the world a little, people.
People, "Jewish" does NOT equal "Ashkenazi." There are Jews all over the world, and have been for thousands of years. People raised in different cultures cook different foods. Just because it's not the recipe you grew up with doesn't mean it's not challah.
Baruch Hashem! Thank you for this recipe! My son has serious egg allergies and we have the hardest time finding an egg-free challah (frankly any recipe that doesn't call for eggs in Jewish cooking is hard to find) we can use. The best part is, the kids can help and we get to enjoy shabbat.
I like to make the braided kind and I use a little more yeast for that amount of flour
x
I added an egg into the recipe and brushed the top with another egg. Other than that it is a nice simple recipe for me.
You need eggs for challah bread! This recipe should not be on a site for traditional Jewish food.
I have a very similar recipe, the only difference is that I use 2 eggs. I also brush the tops of the bread with a scrambled egg before baking. This is an easy recipe and the bread tastes great.
Have not tried this recipe, but for people looking for a traditional challah, try "Almost Grandmother's Challah," also on this site (search on "challah") which got great reviews. Plan to try it myself this weekend!
Where were the Eggs ?? Challah Must have Eggs or it is Not actually Challah brd. Call it something else then but don't pass it off as Jewish Sabbath fare, please.
Challa is "eggbread"....You forgot the eggs!!!!Easy to make and a great compliment to pumpkin pie!!!!
It is simply delicious with the Pear-Pumpkin Pie and also with other desserts.Even following the good advice posted here, I have been unsuccesful in making the noodle cakes. But I make the ginger-beef often, serving it as an entree or as an appetizer on crackers. Big hit!
It's good, no doubt, but I find it a bit too much work for what it is. I agree with other reviewers that only a thin film of oil is needed for good (crispy) result. They are better very fresh, so plan on serving them soon after making them.
These were a big hit at my last party. For the noodle cakes, I found it easier to pick up a few noodles with a fork and drop them into the oil, then pat them flat with a spatula quickly. They were very easy to make. The beef was a little sweet for my taste, next time I would use a little less hoisin sauce. They are a very dramatic looking appetizer!
I served this at a pan-Asian-themed Gourmet Club meal as an appetizer, and it was wonderful. It was far easier to make than I had expected, given all the reviewers' complaints about the noodle pancakes, but if the pan's hot enough and not too oily, it works brilliantly. We made about 50 bite-size versions, which were quickly snapped up, with guests clamoring for more.
This recipe is great! It's too bad some of the reviewers had problems with the noodle cakes. I found them delicious and easy to make. Don't use more than just a thin coat of oil on the pan when making the cakes. I added some kosher salt and extra green onions for more flavor and the beef was delicious as well.
I should have relied on the very first 2 reviews...the pancake is awful. No flavor, and not easy to make either.
I know for a fact, that if you would of used the clear noodles that are made from mung bean flour, they are sometimes called glass noodles, that they puff almost instantly and , if fresh oil is used, can create a sublime outcome. chef j switzer
I made these for a small party on Friday night and they were well received. I decided to use a small filet instead of an entire tenderloin and scale the recipe to size, and it worked really well. One 6 oz. filet made about 10 of these. I also substituted regular vermicelli since I couldn't find thin rice noodles. My only word of caution is to pick a good hoisin sauce, the one i got was *really* salty.
Fabulous, delicious crunch of pancake and the sweet, tart flavor of the hoisin sauce brought out the buttery quality of the beef. A winner
The beef was good, but the noodle cakes were ridiculously difficult and had zero taste. I read the last review, but felt that it couldn't be right and went ahead and tried this. It was a loser.
Have done over 20 of the recipes on this site and this is the only loser. Because of my great sucess on all of the other things I have made from Epicurious I will go on to other things. This is certainly not one that I would make again and I cannot think of any variations that would make it better.I made this for Christmas dinner 2007 and was VERY disappointed. (I used to be a pastry chef and cooking instructor, so I tend to know what I'm doing, and can see mistakes coming before they happen just from reading the recipe.) I didn't see this mess coming. The gingerbread was so moist and sticky and wouldn't dry out well which made the whole dessert mushy. The smell of ginger was great when making it, but hardly came through the final product. The apples broke down so quickly (under 30 minutes) that I had to throw them out. I was so embarrassed to serve this, we ended up defrosting the top layer of a 2 month old wedding cake I was storing in the freezer and served that - so much for the tradition of waiting for the 1 year anniversary.
I used my own gingerbread recipe (very similar, but uses 1/2 cup of grated fresh ginger instead of the ground ginger) and it was divine.
For the amount of work to put this together, the outcome was disappointing to me. The bread pudding was real bland. The apples overpower the bread pudding. Not a real strong ginger flavor.
For the amount of work to put this together, the outcome was disappointing to me. The bread pudding was real bland. The apples overpower the bread pudding. Not a real strong ginger flavor.
This was good but an awful lot of work. I did as much in advance as possible (made the apples 6 days ahead and the gingerbread the night before) but it still felt like a lot for something that was good not great.
Not sure what I did wrong, but the milk curdled despite not yet reaching simmer and very fresh milk. I would try it again if I knew what I did wrong as we are crazy for ginger.
I expected more ginger flavor. Guests agreed that the sauce could be omitted. I needed 13 puddings and had 1/2 cup molds. We used almost all of the gingerbread, but didn't need to increase the "Puddings" part of the recipe.
Made this for Christmas. My family loved it. For the apple topping, I took the apples out of the sauce at 2 hours and then carmalized the juice. However, I don't think the apple topping is needed - it is very sweet. We would make again, but with out the apple topping.
The gingerbread was wonderful! The gingerbread pudding was good. I will try to make it again before I make my final decision on this recipe. The bread pudding was not as gooey as others I have tried and I thought there would be a stronger gingerbread flavor when all put together. The candied apples were a really nice touch and tasted really good with the warm gingerbread puddings.It's really not right that this recipe doesn't have a higher rating. It is delicious! It is a darker, deeper-flavored gingerbread due to the molasses, and the flavors simply sing next to the whipped cream and fruit. This is a great change of pace for dessert. I made it tonight for the first time in a long time and plan to bring it back into the rotation -- need to have it again soon!
Altho this gingerbread recipe isn't as glamourous as some of the others here, the fam and I thoroughly enjoyed it, and it should be 3.5 forks. Loved the texture--an amazing light fluffy moist dense combination. Ginger flavor was a little weak, my hubby thought. I doubled the recipe but only had 1/2 C molasses so added some baby food puree (sweet potato, squash, blueberry, apple combo) and the molasses flavor was just right. It didn't take long for this to disappear.
Wow - I can't believe the other people didn't like this. I printed this and several other gingerbread recipes two years ago with the intention to try them and pick the best. I never got past this one because it is so great. I've probably made it 30 times. It's so simple and easy and quick to get in the oven, and I've NEVER had it come out dry or flat or otherwise bad. It's easy to double and I've never had any problems with that, either. People I've made it for always ask for me to make it again. It IS best with whipped cream with powdered sugar and vanilla, or vanilla ice cream. Foolproof and delicious.
Was looking for a slightly dense, moist gingerbread. This recipe yielded a gingerbread that was a little more cakelike/spongy than I would have liked, and I agree with previous reviewers that the molasses was overwhelming. The gingerbread had an almost bitter aftertaste. It was ok topped with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce, but not good enough to stand on its own.
I've made this many times since it first appeared in the magazine. It is strong-flavored (a lot of molasses!) but light-textured, and a wonderful foil for fruit and whipped cream or ice cream. I think it is important to put it into the oven ASAP after adding the boiling water. This is a well-liked dessert at our house, winter or summer.
This gingerbread was awfully dense and the molasses overwhelmed the dish until it tasted smoky instead of sweet. Was looking for a light, sweet, cake-like gingerbread. This was not it.A nice recipe. I made some substitutions (cranberry for currants, extra cinnamon, sucanat for brown sugar) but didn't feel these had harmed the intended flavor. For me the breads came out over sweet and lacking in a pronounced taste. The ginger was slight, the pear was lost, even the cranberry couldn't bring out it's tartness. On my next attempt I'm going to remove a half cup of the sugar and add more crystallized ginger and cranberry. The pear can probably stay the same though I'll use bigger chunks. Overall, not a terrible base recipe with room for improvement I'd recommend trying it out for something different. Can also be made into a denser muffin.
Only thing I changed was the pan size; adjusted baking time to use 2 larger pans. The bread is OK, but seems dry to me, despite the pears and the fact that I soaked my currants! I also feel that the ginger overwhelms the remainder of the flavors. I probably won't bother to repeat this one.
I tweaked the recipe in accordance with what I had in my kitchen at the time. I substituted 1 tsp ground ginger for the crystallized and I used 1/2 currants and 1/2 dried sweetened cranberries (making the 3/4 cup of dried fruit). The results were a very moist fruity bread. Even my teenaged students loved it. My very picky husband loves it for breakfast and with ice cream for dessert.
I found the bread to be lacking in taste. We couldn't taste the pears at all.I think I would just as soon make applesauce next time.
If you simmer the apples for 15 minutes you will have a nice smooth applesauce.
This recipe is simple yet unique. I would sprinkle cinnamon or ground cloves after broiling or maybe substitute granulated brown sugar for an extra caramel effect.
I make these a lot in the autumn as a side dish. I add a little maple syrup for added flavor.I thought the meal was good. I seasoned the meat before glazing it. I used a little white pepper and ground corinader. I did not have white wine vinegar on h.eand and used red. Still came out fine. The best part was the mustard sauce. Definitely will use this on other entrees.
This recipe was actually pretty bland and unimpressive.
This was surprisingly delicious! I had never bought smoked pork chops before because I never knew what to do with them. This was SO EASY, I'll definately be buying them again soon. The kids loved the mustard sauce and it would work well with many other dishes. Served with garlic mashed potatoes. YUM!These are adorable, but 2 cups was WAY too much flour - the dough was falling apart and wouldn't roll properly at all. I would recommend reducing the flour to 1 1/2 cups.
These were cute but a lot of work. I varied it a bit by using 1.5 sticks butter, 1/2 cup sugar, and 1/4 cup confectioners. I opted for the zest and not the juice of the lemon. I used butterscotch candies which was ok but I thought lemon would have better (20 pieces was good for a batch.) I also used a chopper attachment for my hand blender for the candies. I kept any dough I was not immediately working with in the fridge which helped it from getting too sticky.The taste of the cookie was good but it was kind of a lot of work to make all the cut outs and try to get the candy in there without spilling too much. But they were definitely a show piece and got lots of compliments!
I had the opposite problem-- too much flour. I made 4 batches and if I added the flour slowly I could guage how much was needed-- 2 to 3 tbsp. less than the recipe. I used multi-coloured lollipops, inside a ziploc bag, crushed with a hammer and these worked very well. I found the taste not to my liking, but the twenty 6 and 7 year olds at the party loved them.
I thought the recipe was cute but it doesn't specify what kind of hard candy. I crushed the hard candy to a powder but then it just formed back up and stuck all together.the dough was hard to manage even with a lot of flour. I also tried the funny bones and they did not turn out by directions given. I came to this site for new recipes. not satisfied with how the recipe read and how they turned out! And I been baking for a while,never had this hard of time.This is the first GF bread that we've had success with. Nice flavour, nice crust, bread-like texture. So excited to have a sandwich bread that my daughter can eat!
I followed the recipe to a T. It's better than I expected. Now that I know I like it, I'll premix all the flours in batches to cut preparation time. Had it plain with butter, which is my first taste test and toasted with breakfast and it was delicious.
Too much work for a ill person.
one more thing: I used parchment paper instead of buttering the pan. That sounded gross to me.
This was an adventure for me, since I've never baked GF before. I had some different flours to use than the recipe called for, and kind of did my own thing in that realm. I used oat flour too, though I know it's not 100% GF; but I can tolerate it. I think I'll try to look for other flours that don't have that "just licked the health food store floor" taste. I'm not sure which ones those will be. I'll probably take a little from each stash and moisten it to see which one gives the previously described effect. When I was done baking it, I loosely covered it with saran wrap, and that helped keep the crust from drying out. It is also a rather small loaf, but that's to be expected. I think it will make a good ham sandwich. ...Now for the pizza crust...
Being very familiar with gluten free cooking as our daughter has celiac I am going to try this delicious sounding recipe. Warning to others be careful what kind of molasses you use. Pick one that is gluten free. That wheat hides in the weirdest places !gave this four forks for the sauce only; read the other reviews and decided not to make the gnocchi. the sauce, however, was fantastic. served with butternut squash ravioli. yum!
I agree with other reviewers regarding the gnocchi. Mushy and hard to make. I would not even give a fork for this.
This dish took a long time to make, and the gnocchi turned out like mush. Very disappointing.
The sauce turned out tasty but the gnocchi basically became mushy blobs of potatoes. It was a lot of work for something that didn't come out right.I have used the sauce again for ravioli.My sister likes "plain" food. She's not into spices unless they are "regular" spices - which means a little bit of fresh basil in "regular" tomato sauce. She LOVES these as per the recipe. We call them "pillows of love" instead of gnudi. For those of you asking questions about a flour substitute: one person suggested rice flour, which would be fine - but don't forget about chick pea flour. You can get it in Indian food stores where it is called "besan." It will add a bit of a taste. Personally, I think corn flour, or some of the other flour substitutes would be too strong a flavor.
Sorry I can't rate this as I haven't tried it yet. I am answering Lecknox: I also was wondering what to use and I thought perhaps Tapioca would be good. anybody can help us here? We eat gluten-free. Thanks
WWWWWWWWWWWWAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!! I HAVE TO MAKE THEM EVERY DAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You need egg to keep the mixture together, so that the gnudi don't fall apart. Add nutmeg and pepper to the mixture. It's a Tuscan dish and we use Parmesan, not pecorino Romano cheese and flour instead of semolina.
This is a Tuscan recipe. We usually make gnudi with Parmesan cheese, not pecorino cheese. Then you should put a pinch of nutmeg and some pepper in the mixture. Finally, some egg to keep the mixture together, so that the gnudi don't fall apart. We don't use semolina but we roll them in flour. Sauce: butter and sage is ok but I love a good tomato sauce with chili and lots of basil and more Parmesan cheese on top :)
Just a question--Is it possible to use grated pecorino Romano cheese in place of parmesan when using cow's milk ricotta? I Haven't tried the recipe, but I know even here in NY it is easier to find regular ricotta cheese. At the same time, tangy appeals to me.
Khaned- it is pronounced nyoo-dee... like gnocci is pronounced nyo-kee. It is a special-occasion dish at our house along with blood-orange salad and cannoli. It is time consuming and often frustrating, but oh-so-worth-it once or twice a year! Like the author, I add a few dollops of Pesto around it when serving, but I do not leave out the butter sauce.
Is it possible to make this with a gluten free flour? Buckwheat perhaps? Rice flour?
SO GOOD thats ITALIAN.
Will try it as per your recommendation. could you tell how to pronounce it. what part of italy is this from?This recipe is so easy and delicious, and as a bonus the presentation looks fancy so it's a great addition to a dinner party. It is also nice with feta instead of chevre.
What a disappointment...I'd been wanting to try this for a while and finally did. A waste of good goat cheese! I like delicate flavors, but this was bland, dry and pretty uninteresting. I'm sure there is a way to fix it up, but I'm not one to keep trying to make a silk purse from a sow's ear when there are so many other good recipes.This spread/dip lacked personality. It was too bland. Maybe some garlic or, as the previous cook suggested, herbed goat cheese would give it some interest.
I made this dip for a party and my guests raved about it. I used an herbed log of goat cheese instead of plain goat cheese and found that it added a lot of flavor. The only strange part of this recipe is the green beans and corn which are not sturdy enough to be dipped. I'd stick with baguettes and radishes to dip with corn and green beans as a garnish.I made this tonight for my restaurant club and it was a major hit. I used 2:1 as suggested, but used 1/3 cup of water and 2/3 cup of brown sugar - it was amazing. I brought the syrup to a boil for a minute to thicken it some, but then I turned it down to a simmer. With the syrup still bubbling over low heat, I put the apples in and coated them like the recipe says, but I left them in the pan and let them cook and soften a little (maybe for two or three minutes) before putting them on the plate. I'm not usually a huge dessert lover, but I will definitely make this one again.
I wanted to make this to serve with a cheese course. But alas, no sugar quantity mentioned! After searching my vast cookbook collection to find a similar recipe, it still didn't get crackling hard, but it tasted good. Glad to see that Epicurious replied to the other reader's response! Will try it again.
I served this on top of a spinach- shallot- smoked almond salad dressed in balsamic vinegar with panettone toasts. We enjoyed it a lot but I prefer goat cheese recipes that are not so sweet.
I contacted Epicurious and this was their response. Thanks for getting back to me, Epicurious! --- Thank you for contacting Epicurious.com. I believe the recipe is for a simple syrup you cook until it turns caramel-colored. Therefore you would do a 2:1 ratio of sugar to water; in this case that means 1/2 cup of sugar. We hope you enjoy our site and please continue to visit.
About twice as much as you want volume of caramel. Water is only added to make it easier to make the caramel so basically all caramel is, in this case, is melted sugar. Seems very odd that they wouldn't give you a measurement though doesn't it.
How much sugar? Inquiring minds want to know!This is a super easy and delicious appetizer. This is now a go-to staple for me.Not bad,not horrible I added mushrooms and a few green onions and garlic good for lunch. Easy and quick which is an added bonus.
It was good. Nothing special but good. I only had dried tarragon and think the fresh would have tipped the scale to delicious.I made this for a culinary group dinner and thought it was just o.k. Shucking the fava beans was a lot of work and this recipe just didn't deliver enough "bang for the buck".
Good recipe to make ahead. I used red potatoes because I couldn't find the purple ones - will continue to search. Also, I cooked the potato slices only 3 minutes once the water returned to a boil; they were too soft for our taste when I cooked them longer. Great picture on page 135 of September, 1997, issue of Gourmet, although the picture titles are mixed up!This was really extraordinarya nice comfort dish meal, especially if served over mashed potatoes. In terms of authenticity cudos to A Cook from New England & A Cook from northeast. That's what cooking is all about, tweaking to make it your own. @Ephemerella: Take an epicurean leap. You might like the flavors (by the way, 1960s is a plural,not a possessive).
The dictionary definition of 'goulash' is - a rich meat stew highly seasoned with paprika. It says the def. of the word 'gulyas' is 'herdsman's meat'. So those who are saying it is a beef stew are correct, as goulash can be beef stew, or lamb, and those who are saying it is a variation of goulash are correct because it does use an appreciable amount of paprika. Now, if the Hungarian hot paprika is used that is even better. About ketchup and worcestershire.. those may be innovations and not like my Hungarian Momma used to make in the old country,, but.. innovations are allowed, aren't they? well, not if you are into a classical dish, but this is admittedly not a classical and traditional recipe.
What is the actual definition of 'goulash'? What does it have to have, and what has to be avoided for it to be a variation of 'goulash'?
A lot of controversy on this recipe. To me, it looks like an interesting recipe as a change from just the same old beef stew. Maybe the title should not be 'goulash', but maybe 'goulashy beef soup'.. hahaha I'm going to go shopping for some of the ingredients to make a variation that includes some of the opinions of reviewers. I won't use ketchup, but maybe a bit of tomato sauce, gonna get some caraway seeds, a splash of worcestershire (I use it on beef but never tried it in soup), paprika, potatoes, and am going to add some celery, and some carrots too. ha! I know, I know, I've taken it yet one more step,or two, away from being really a goulash,, but if it ends up good and nutritious then that's alright.
As described, this was a nice rustic dish. Perfect for dinner. I am not Hungarian, but I did live in Hungary and Austria both. It seems that everyone has their own recipe, like our vegetable soup or stew. Yes indeed, most Austrian goulash that I had included caraway seeds, but I can also tell you that they called it goulash. What I don't understand is people rating recipes they don't try or make major changes then rate it poorly. Just try it - you may even like it.
After reading the list of ingredients and method of preparation, I would say that this would be quite a delicious beef soup. However, I feel that I must make the note that this is not at all a traditional goulash, or Gulyas. Actually, flour and tomatoes are never used in the real deal. Here is a good gulyas recipe: http://www.gumbopages.com/food/hungarian/gulyas.html
hahaha using ketchup in a goulash recipe!!!
I have to agree with Andy here: this may be a nice tasty stew or soup,but it isn't goulasch. The idea of evolving recipes is good and legitimate, as long as they are recognizeable. There is nothing goulasch-y in this thing. It's just another stew.
This notion of calling ketchup-and-worcestershire-sauce concoctions "goulash" seems to have originated in the 1960's Betty Crocker style books where you find bizarre Americanizations of European and Chinese dishes. The result is strange artificially savory-sweet braised beef stew. NOT anything like a true goulash. And I DON'T consider these American condiment-based versions of international flavors to be healthy recipes. Would you eat an ignorant ketchup-and-mustard-and-cheez-whiz based version of a fondue and call it real food? It's not only not good but unhealthy, too!
for andy: thanks for the review, but no gristle for me, thanks. and i agree with the reviewer who said that recipes are meant to evolve and change--no need to be a food snob. . .unless its about buffalo wings!
I like this better as a stew, so I thicken it by adding small cubes of potato 30 minutes before the end. They add a nice flavour too. And you can make it with pork (also as a stew). I believe it is then called 'porkolt'.
this is not gulyas soup! true gulyas is a very basic , full bodied soup consisting of basic components.
ask a Hungarian how to make Goulash soup
Great soup especially for the winter! Loved the flavor of the caraway seeds with the onion and beef. Easy to make just takes some time to simmer, but not a problem if you make it a day ahead). I made this recipe as written except that i added only 1/4 cup of ketchup. Must serve this with fresh crusty bread!
Made this over a very cold and snowy Utah weekend and it was really good. I was tempted to just serve it the first night but am glad I let it sit. (Apparently epicurious.com doesn't recognize paragraphs) Andy63, great that you love your heritage, love your country (been there twice) and nothing personal but can we not go there? Trying to make one statement for what is and isn't one specific dish is an exercise in futility. I've been through too many arguments where someone from Texas, Kansas City, Kentucky, Tennessee, etc. has proclaimed exactly what "barbeque" is. "Barbeque contains these ingredients and only these and if it has anything else it isn't barbeque." It's just an exercise in futility. Irish stew is another lightning rod. I once posted my modifications to an Irish Stew recipe based on my maternal grandmother's recipe and was told that what I posted wasn't Irish Stew. Apparently my grandmother Mary Katherine McShane who was born, lived and died in the same small town in Ireland didn't know what Irish Stew was. Just my $0.02. Food dishes are always evolving. Let them live. Or at least make the dish so you can evaluate it.
This recipe worked very well for me. I was delighted with the result. I did a few things differently based upon what was available at my local market. I could not find boneless chuck so I used semi-boneless instead. The cut was nicely marbled but not overly so and my soup did not have excessive fat. I browned the meat in batches in a saute pan then added the meat to a stock pot. After the last batch of meat, I deglazed the saute pan with a small amount of vegetable stock and added that to the stock pot. I also added a small bag of mini carrots in phase one of the dish. The meat became so tender in the first cooking that I did not have to break it apart on the second day. The addition of the ketchup and Worcesterchire the following day gave the perfect amount of extra flavoring (note that the dish calls very little salt). The ketchup also gave the soup a beautiful color. My dinner guest had seconds and then thirds of the dish. Tremendous success!
This is a potentially decent dish but it is ONE thing that it is NOT !And that is a Goulash Soup ! Goulash (or [correctly]Gulyas]) is made of various cuts of beef , beef bones and gristle, onions, paprika, green peppers (optional), tomatoes (optional)beef stock or water - and that's all she wrote. The caraway seeds are a Viennese idea, garlic is redundant as for the ketchup, Worcester sauce etc......the least said the soonest mended. As I said : a potentially OK dish but goulash it ain't !This was really good over vanilla ice cream. Next time I'd leave out the raisins but the almonds are a must.
I made this around Thanksgiving when grapefruit was in season. I intended to serve it to guests as a morning eye-opener but it was consumed as an after-dinner treat when all the guests were gone. It is refreshing and I used the left-over syrup to devour with vanilla ice cream.The marinade will congeal in a 38 degree refrigerator.
All of the ingredients were at hand, the recipe was easy to assemble, and instructions were followed precisely including the 8 oz jar.. What a surprise to see after eight hours in a 38 degree refrigerator that the marinade had congealed. Also, for future reference, the 2 cups 2% Fage Greek yogurt could easily fill a 12 oz container.
I know this is against the rules, but what could be bad about this. I will be preparing this (have all the ingredients) so that it will be ready for my leftover lunch and and "morning after" breakfast. Don't kill me, but anyone who has been cooking for years knows that this is a great recipe! Yes, I will make this often.I doubled the amount of gremolata, then mixed the cooked beans with about 1 1/2 C of cooked adzuki beans to make a vegetarian main course. Served it with polenta, though it would be good with millet too. Tasty and nutritious.
Very tasty and nice-looking. They didn't have wax beans at the market, so I had to settle for just green beans. I think the combination of wax and green beans would look great, and make this a nice side dish for a fancy company dinner.
I thought the idea was good, but not a huge fan of the way it turned out. The parsley didn't like sharing the plate with the beans. I tried it with basil again and it turned out much better.
This is an easy tasty way to serve beans. I used wax beans from my garden. I would definitely make this recipe again.@pmagruder please read the recipe again...you have to COOK the green bean mixture with fresh green beans for 30 minutes THEN only 5-10 minutes with the topping. If you only cooked the whole dish for 10 minutes I can understand why you thought they were underdone.
We like version 2, and we like using the fresh beans. In the past I have used frozen green beans and then only had in oven for 10 minutes then the last 5 with topping.
My mom served version II at Thanksgiving for many years when I was a kid, so I developed a taste for it. I made it a couple of times back in my deep poverty days, usually adding 1/2 a pound of shredded sharp cheddar to the bean mix. And it was as I had remembered. Fairly classic comfort food. Recently, however, I was reading another recipe here that featured a shitake-ginger cream sauce and I started to think how that might be a really nice sub for the the cream of mush soup. And man, it made the dish quite amazing. First time I did it I used fresh green beans, which i blanched, but the difference between that and frozen was basically nil. Next time I sauteed them with garlic, ginger and pepper, but even that didn't seem to make much of a diff. So I suggest going with frozen. I've been making it each Thanksgiving for a few years now, and people always really dig it. It looks like the classic version, but tastes pretty amazing.
'twas just ok but maybe because it was my first and so far only experience with Green Bean Casserole. I didn't hate it but I didnt love it either.
Made #2 and omitted the onions and used the Au Gratin with homemade bread crumbs. Beans should have been blanched or steamed a little. Very tasty.
This was terrible ... Casserole II
I did the Cream of Tomato version. It was pretty dreadful.
An old favourite from my childhood! My Mom varied the second recipe sometimes by omitting the fried onions and sprinkling the top with nutmeg.
Well I cooked recipe #2 for and it turned out pretty good after I cooked the greenbeans! I dont know why it call's for fresh green beans and only in the oven for 10 minutes. That part was a disaster and luckily it was in a microwave dish, so I nuked it for 4 minutes and after that it was great. I seasoned it with seasoned salt instead of salt and added more crispy onions to the top and a bit of romano cheese. It was great and pretty tasty!
Every year I fought not too make this dish. One year in a rage of snobbiness, I created it "from scratch", I made a mushroom cream sauce, tossed with fresh grean beans added the home made crispy fried onion strings and topped with them as well as some crispy bacon, and it was enjoyed by all. However, it didn't translate into this big WOW Moment. Everyone,including myself felt the extra work didn't translate into anything more special than the orignal canned soup recipe. As for those who feel that recipe has no place on this site, I would argue that any dish that has fequented the dinner table as much as this one has every right to be here. And please don't rate recipes if you have not made them!!!!
I can only speak to the tomato soup version - I am really confused about the addition of horseradish. I included half the amount called for and the flavor was a bit disconcerting with vegetables. Perhaps the mushroom soup version is better...
Wow I am so glad to have had to look this up! I am amazed by all the snootiness by people who have never made or tasted this casserole. Its traditional green bean casserole and its great. Please if you don't make it your highness, please don't comment. That would be like a vegetarian going to all the meat dishes and saying how disgusting they are because they contain animal flesh!
If you didn't grow up with it or don't like it, why comment? There are those of us who feel that Green bean casserole II is a must have. To each his own. I don't waste my time commenting on food I don't like or don't cook, its not helpful to anyone. Merry Christmas!
While this recipe is not a great gastronomic delight, it carries memories for a lot of people who don't suffer from the "snob factor" of others who have written here and didn't even make the dish! It's basic comfort food. Nothing more. Nothing less. Those who would look down their noses and comment negatively on it simply because they are too much of a snob to even consider it, truly need to get a life!
I agree: I recently saw an ad on US Television for Campbell's Soup Green Bean Casserole with what appeared to be deep fried onion rings garnishing the outside of the dish: An obviously salt-starved 10 year old was salivating; his knife and fork at the ready. Despite having quite an eclectic upbringing, especially at Christmas, even MY Mother would know better than to disgrace her Christmas table with such a un-appetizing dish....I cannot imagine serving this at anytime, let alone Christmas Dinner. Perhaps it's a Canadian thing?
Green Bean Casserole II is comfort food for me-- I remember my mother making it for Christmas Dinner as sure as cranberry sauce and sage & onion stuffing! (With Turkey, of course!) This is the same recipe she always used, and have followed the family tradition.
SERIOUSLY !? I would not ever consider this"green bean casserole" to be appropriate for this site. When I see or hear someone mentioning this dish I cringe as it is not real food, Shalom
SERIOUSLY !? I would not ever consider this"green bean casserole" to be appropriate for this site. When I see or hear someone mentioning this dish I cringe as it is not real food, Shalom
Originally developed by Campbells to sell more soup, this holiday staple suffers from canned ingredients and loads of salt. Alton Brown, on another site, has developed a modern day equivalent which is 1000 times betterI spruced the recipe up a little and used mineral water that was eco friendly. I also dehydrated 18 gallons of Charleston sea water to get the salt. Overall, we liked the green beans (and we now have a distillery in our living room)...
darn, without a photo I just couldn't figure out the presentation on this one... What do you think Should I serve the beans with the water on the side as a dippping sauce?
Just like mother used to make, totally uninspired. Gourmet should be ashamed to charge for recipes like this!
OH MY GOSH! This recipe is so close to the FAMOUS boiled salt water recipe that I expect to see it on the "most popular" reviews any time!
The water added lovely flavor and the addition of green beans to the salt is fantastic. This one is a keeper, especially when water is in season.
who's the genius who came up with this one? this is clearly the first step in COOKING green beans...but not a recipe
Finally I know what I've been doing wrong. I've been forgetting the water! now my beans are moist and juicy! thanks epicurious!
This is a recipe?
The green beans were a hit at a recent dinner party. I will be making them again for Easter.
I used fresh green beans just picked from the garden. My family likes sauteed onions, so I fixed this dish with one half of a 1015 onion browned in a teaspoon of bacon drippings. I then added the cooked beans to saucepan with the onions and a tablespoon of butter. Everyone loved it.Great snack with strong flavors. Great on toasted flatbreads, such as Kabul bread or toasted pitas.
Wild! I loved this recipe because I love capers and anchovies (which is what attracted me to the recipe in the first place). However, it had limited appeal amoung my guests. I guess the flavors were too strong for some of them.
I served this tapenade on thinly sliced baguette toasts with freshly grated parmesan cheese and everybody loved it. It┤s excellent!
Strongly flavored but interestingDespite a few negative reviews, I thought I'd love this. I'm a fiend for green onions. Alas, this was dry, bland, and a waste of so many green onions, plus the cream. I even added extra cheese as some people advised, plus seasoned generously. Tasteless. I felt like I was just a eating soft mush of onions with a layer of grit. My husband tried soldiering through, but this dish is a true head-scratcher. The recipe looks good, but the result is bland as can be.
Despite a few negative reviews, I thought I'd love this. I'm a fiend for green onions. Alas, this was dry, bland, and a waste of so many green onions, plus the cream. I even added extra cheese as some people advised, plus seasoned generously. Tasteless. I felt like I was just a eating soft mush of onions with a layer of grit. My husband tried soldiering through, but this dish is a true head-scratcher. The recipe looks good, but the result is bland as can be.
Despite a few negative reviews, I thought I'd love this. I'm a fiend for green onions. Alas, this was dry, bland, and a waste of so many green onions, plus the cream. I even added extra cheese as some people advised, plus seasoned generously. Tasteless. I felt like I was just a eating soft mush of onions with a layer of grit. My husband tried soldiering through, but this dish is a true head-scratcher. The recipe looks good, but the result is bland as can be.
Despite a few negative reviews, I thought I'd love this. I'm a fiend for green onions. Alas, this was dry, bland, and a waste of so many green onions, plus the cream. I even added extra cheese as some people advised, plus seasoned generously. Tasteless. I felt like I was just a eating soft mush of onions with a layer of grit. My husband tried soldiering through, but this dish is a true head-scratcher. The recipe looks good, but the result is bland as can be.
Despite a few negative reviews, I thought I'd love this. I'm a fiend for green onions. Alas, this was dry, bland, and a waste of so many green onions, plus the cream. I even added extra cheese as some people advised, plus seasoned generously. Tasteless. I felt like I was just a eating soft mush of onions with a layer of grit. My husband tried soldiering through, but this dish is a true head-scratcher. The recipe looks good, but the result is bland as can be.
Despite a few negative reviews, I thought I'd love this. I'm a fiend for green onions. Alas, this was dry, bland, and a waste of so many green onions, plus the cream. I even added extra cheese as some people advised, plus seasoned generously. Tasteless. I felt like I was just a eating soft mush of onions with a layer of grit. My husband tried soldiering through, but this dish is a true head-scratcher. The recipe looks good, but the result is bland as can be.
This dish is unusual and unexpected. I make it every year at Christmas. I suggest using a little more parmesean and moisten the breadcrumbs slightly with olive oil as they can be a little dry. Just delicious.
I am a big fan of green onions but this dish just didn't deliver. However, I did make the Chicken with Olives and Soy that was recommended by a fellow reviewer and it was delicious.
Substituted small head of cabbage and 2 bunches of green onion. I also used gruyere instead of parmeseano. DELICIOUS! Thanks Epcurious!
This is an unusual dish, one I will make again. I served it to a large group of French and English people and they loved it, especially one French man who ate 4 helpings! The next day, I mixed some of the leftovers with diced potatoes and eggs and had a second feast.
A real surprise! Wonderfully flavorful. Thanks to the comments/experience of those who have gone before me :) I decided to double the cheese . . . yummMEE. I served this along with the "Chicken Roasted with Onions and Soy Sauce" from this site, and with pasta tossed in a bit of peanut oil. "Fantastic!" exclaimed my guests. I pass their compliments and thanks on to you for this unusual and pleasing recipe.
I found this dish on the internet, made it for my family reunion. It really seemed to go over pretty well. Several folks asked me for the recipe. I am planning to make it again, someday, soon. Oh, yes, I forgot, I subsited parmasian chesse for cheddar cheese.
What a disappointment! In a family of onion lovers, not one of us enjoyed this recipe. Needs more cheese, less bread crumbs. Not terrible, but not worth making again.
Really delicious recipe. I added more parmesan cheese than the recipe called for. I don't agree that it makes eight servings, though (I think it's less). I think I may try this with spinach, or add red onions. You could probably do this with any type of greens.
I have been making this casserole since it appeared in Gourmet 5 years ago! Although it's good as it is, I have altered it slightly through the years. My family and friends seem to like it when I use 6-8 cups of scallions, 4 cups of chopped celery which gives it a crunch, and 2-4 cups of chopped leek. I liked the Monterey reviewer's suggestion of adding extra Parmesan cheese as well- the cheese makes a slightly bland dish delicious! I make the casserole a day ahead, and then bring it to room temperature before baking it in the oven. Very often friends ask for the recipe.
This accompanies any kind of meal. I made it with teriyaki turkey burgers and corn on the cob. It has a phenomonal taste....thanks so much! Definitely added to my recipe box.
I was looking so forward to making this recipe with a traditional turkey dinner because it was unique and no one loves onions more than my family! In addition, it had received such wonderful reviews! Such a dissapointment that it was dry, bland, and not even worthy of the other dishes on the table. I re-read the recipe the next day to make sure I had followed it correctly. For those that enjoyed it, please convince me why, because I thought it was a waste of time and eight bunches of scallions!
I would have never guessed that green onions could taste so good. This was delicious. Everyone loved it at our Christmas dinner.
This is delicious! Everyone raved. I used about twice the amount of grated Parmesan. I prepared it in the morning, refrigerated it, and baked it before serving. Marvelous at dinner, and good as a cold leftover the next day.Gross??? No, just green. I've made this a few times and think it is delicious. So do my family and friends judging by the requests. A nice change from the typical fare.
I'm usually not this harsh about my ratings. This was gross.
Bobby Flay shows off his infusion cooking from his second restaurant, Bolo here. It's a great example of the delicious Spanish-American cusine being served at Bolo.Since green tomatoes serve as a base and don't have too much taste on their own I added six slices of fresh ginger which I removed with the cinnamon sticks at the end and renamed it Green Tomato Ginger Jam. It took a long time to cook down but tasted great! Also 3 lbs green tomatoes are equal to 3 lbs (6 cups of sugar. I processed it in my canner for 15 minutes which seemed about right for a sweet tomato recipe. Ann La Porta
How long can you store this jam for? Can you process it with a regular canning procedure for jams for long term storage? Alternatively, if you use a short term storage method, how long could you keep it?
to the member who found this too sweet.When making jams, make sure your measurements are all in the same denomination.weight versus weight, liquid vol versus liquid volume.Hope this helps thanks
Hi.The only thing wrong with this recipe as i see it is the proportion of sugar.Usually you use equal fresh fruit to sugar in weight. and the juice of one or 2 lemons depending on the amout of fuit you use.So if you found it too sweet it is because you added too much sugar.Its all about measurements.Keep them in the same denomination.wt versus wt is best.not vol versus weight.or vol of dry solids with with vol of wet solids Hope this helps those who had difficulty.
I made this jam according to the recipe, and it was horribly sweet!!!!! There must be a typo or something for the amount of sugar. Anyway, I solved the problem by adding 3 lbs of rhubarb and then about 5 more pounds of green tomatoes and juice from 2 extra lemons. It was still a bit too sweet, but I really liked it. So this recipe is horrible as is, but delicious if you make changes to it. Here is my new recipe: 3 lbs green tomatoes 3 lbs rhubarb,diced 3-4 cups sugar (to taste) grated rind of 2 large lemons juice of 3 large lemons 2 cinnamon sticks The only thing I'm not sure about is the level of acidity needed for safely canning rhubarb, so I added extra lemon juice. Try this!!!
Very good will make this again and againThis was the first time I have ever created something totally inedible in my kitchen. The odor stayed around a week after the relish hit the garbage can!
Great, my only regret is I do not have enough green tomatoes to make more relish. It is consumed too fast as a meat sauce
The recipe is easy to make and called for no exotic spices nor herbs. The flavor is mild, in fact, too mild. I suggest the recipe call for zippy onions [I used part Bermuda and part white onions. Next time I will use all white or another zippy onion, if available.] White pepper could also be added, or more cloves in the spice bag. The relish needs to be stirred frequently while cooking to keep the spice bag from floating. Use Note:If 1 tablespoon dill weed is added to 1/2 pint of relish and mixed with mayonnaise, it makes good fish sauce.I would make it again with these changes: boil longer, it is too sticky, needs to harden more. Spray cooling racks with cooking spray to help take them off the rack. Use popsicle sticks instead of forks, I did. This was for a kids Halloween party. Flavor and color are fine.
Although the flavor and color of the apples are great, the texture is definitely too sticky. I agree with the other reviewer who stated that the syrup needed to cook up another ten degrees. However I doubt that even the additional cooking would've transformed the syrup adequately. Because of the chewiness/stickiness, I would definitely recommend another candy apple recipe. Won't use this one again.
Too messy to bother with, although my husband liked it better than the kids. If I tried it again, I'd increase the candy temperature about ten degrees...It wasn't hard enough.
I have been looking for this recipe for a long time. Great dessert for children. Children would have fun with parental help making these apples. Thanks Selina-Louisiana
These were very sweet & colorful, but I prefer caramel apples. Corn syrup is hard to obtain in Europe and is better used for other things (almond brittle).To the cook in England - There really is not another veg that is comparable to the artichoke. I guess that's because the 'choke is actually a thistle. A VERY easy way to do this is to cut the 'choke in half, top to bottom. Here: 1. Use scissors to cut the sharp tips from choke. Rub cuts with half a lemon to prevent discoloration. 2. Cut choke in half from tip to stem. Rub entire cut area with lemon. 3. Using a paring knife, cut out the choke (fuzzy part)where it meets the solid flesh. Push the knife in deeply and cut with a shallow "U" shape. This should get most of it. You can scrape remaining fuzz with knife tip. Rub with more lemon. 4. Wrap in parchment before foil, as foil will discolor choke. 5. When cooked the leaves will come off very easily and whats left is the center (heart) and it is very soft and easy to chop. I hope this helped!
I love mint but I've never cooked or eaten artichokes before so I am a bit daunted at scooping out 'chokes', removing 'leaves', chopping 'hearts' etc! Is this easy and can the taste be compared with any other vegetable? or do I just go for it and hope we like them?
Interesting flavor. Not for those who don't like mint at all. I happen to love mint. It went well with the artichokes and was a nice change to the melted butter I normally use. The after taste was nice. I gave it two forks only because most of my guests and family are not mint fans.I followed the suggestion of cutting the endives in two and grilling them a bit longer. The smoothness of the leftover Gorgonzola I used created a nice contrast with the crispness and bitterness of the endive. I would suggest to go easy on the balsamic though, half as much would do just fine. And yes, the color is well...the color of cooked endive, nothing unsightly and it does remain crisp...as it should.
I did not slice the endive in five but in two and took some big ones. The temperature must be right to keep the endive moist and grilled at the same time. Also put more cheese than the recipe calls for. My husbad loved it and so did my friends!
Gratinee? Hardly. This recipe just doesn't come together, physically or in taste. The grilled endive takes on an odd color, the tops are overcooked while the bottoms are undercooked, there is a very large core that guests must cut around, the cheese melts off rather than in, and the oil and vinegar serve little purpose. So, while I liked the ingredients, the individual flavors, and the simplicity, I'd have to say this is a one-half fork dish.
The endive was too soft to hold up the gratinee; it made a big mess. Although the flavor was good, it was too much trouble to make this dish with not enough reward.The method for cooking the beef is flawed. After 2 hours (covered) nearly all the liquid was gone, so I finished out the cooking time with the lid on. The veg melded in with the beef, and there was no liquid to strain out (not a problem, since they never tell you what to do with the liquid anyway). No need to shred the beef, as just stirring had it plenty shredded.
The short ribs are amazing and incredibly easy. I would not make the sandwich again because I thought it dulled the great taste of the ribs.
make the one from BA february 2010 on this site, it's awesome!
Not worth it! Just reading the recipe was a waste of time.
This tasted ok but honestly, wasn't worth the effort to save aside the short ribs from my boyfriend. It's grilled cheese with meat and onions on it. Too much work for non-memorable results.
Did you click on the pickled onion link. That does give what seems like appropriate directions. I like the panini press idea.
This sandwich is exquisite, but the recipe is problematic. Specifically: the pickled onion recipe omits the toasted spices and forgets to strain. It should read: Toast spices as directed. Boil vinegars with additions as directed. Once boiling, add spices, reduce heat and simmer one minute to release flavors. Remove from heat and steep 5 minutes. Slice, soak, and dry onions as directed. Place onions in small bowl and strain liquid onto onions. Stir to incorporate, then let sit 5-10 minutes, stirring occasionally. Finish as directed. When making the sandwiches, forget all the flipping and pans and oven - butter the bread as directed, brush buttered bread with grapeseed oil (optional - Govind uses grapeseed oil in all frying) and place in a preheated panini press. Cook til desired browning has occurred. Absent a panini press, simply cook in a fry pan, 3-4 minutes per side on medium. This greatly simplifies this preparation, and the results are VERY rewarding. If you ever wondered if cookbook recipes are tested before publishing, I think you have your answer.Like other reviewers said, this was weird. I tried it with sour cream and it was still all wrong.
Pretty weird. I subbed sour cream for the yogurt and it was still a little weird.
If it was not for the sour cream suggestion, when I made it a second time, I would have rated this as the worst ever. Use the previuos suggestion.
This dish is easy, healthy and wonderful. I also served it with baked salmon, and a friend even served it with eggs, hollandaise-style. A great dish for either company or a quick weeknight dinner.
I followed the suggestion to use sour cream - worth it!! The dill sauce might even work well with a meaty perhaps even grilled fish.
I liked this; my husband really liked it. I tasted the sauce before spooning it on the chicken, and I really liked it. I used no-fat yogurt, and I thought it came out really well. Then, when I tried it with the chicken, I liked it less. Oh well. I still think I'll make it again.
Taking a cue from some of the other reviews, I used all sour cream instead of yogurt and everyone including myself, loved the dish. Also sprinkled some of the fresh dill on the chicken before baking. I will definitely be making this dish again!
The first time I made the sauce I served it on broiled salmon. It was great! Add extra dill and a squirt of lemon juice. Make sure to use full-fat or low-fat yogurt. The second time I accidentally bought fat-free yogurt and it came out bland and soapy. A scoop of sour cream saved it but it was much better with the lowfat yogurt.
This was strange, and not in a good way.
I wasn't crazy about this sauce. Although I did only use the Dijon mustard. I think I just don't like the flavor combination of mustard & dill. But, if I did, I would strain the yogurt through a cheesecloth for a 1/2 hour to an hour to make it thicker.
What a great dish. Very light and also nice to not have to turn on the stove during this heat wave. The sauce is great--we had plenty left over so had it on a salad for lunch the next day.
Didn't have any yogurt so substituted 1/2 low fat sour cream and 1/4 cup low fat mayo - very tasty! Fresh dill is a must. It was great on toasted cheese sandwiches the next day too.
This sauce is absolutely excellent and couldn't possibly be easier to make! I prefer to increase the honey just a tad. Next time, I want to try the sauce on a more delicate food, such as fish or poached chicken. I think the sauce was slightly overshadowed by the charred/grilled flavor of the chicken.
This was pretty good, and pretty simple. Using chicken cutlets was a great idea - so much easier than breasts to grill evenly, and quickly! To make the sauce, I think I used syrup instead of honey, and when I opened the spice cabinet, there was a nip of Jack Daniels staring me in the face, so I used a Tbs. of that. Not a sauce for the kids, as it was never heated! I had to use light sour cream instead of yogurt. It wasn't sweet enough, so I added a Tbs of apricot preserves. I used the sauce as a grilling marinade, and also used a little more on the plate. I think the cutlets made the dish, and the saud was tasty.
Three-and-a-half forks is probably more accurate. Very quick and easy to put together. I did fool around with the recipe a little, though. Before grilling, I seasoned the chicken with salt and pepper, then brushed on the 2 tbsp. mustard and a little honey, together with the olive oil. (This was in addition to the mustard and honey in the yogurt sauce.) I think it enhanced the flavor. I'd like to try this one with grilled salmon sometime.
I just made the dipping sauce portion of this recipe and it was FANTASTIC! Since the main ingredient is yogurt it had a very nice light consistency--not heavy like a mayonnaise or cream base. Absolutely delicious-my guests loved it and I'll be making this dip for chicken and fish for a long time!The easiest way to grill clams is to first clean them in a salt water bath 1/2 hour. Scrub shells clean and place in a disposable foil pan or a cast iron skillet with 2 Tbsp. olive oil, 1 Tbsp. butter, 2 chopped plum tomatoes, 2 grated garlic cloves (per dozen clams). Cover with foil and grill until clams open. Serve with chopped fresh basil and grilled Italian bread. Start to finish: 45 minutes. Easy, fast, and great...
very yummyNo offense to Johanna, but if you don't like bulghur it's probably not a good idea to make any kind of tabbouleh in the first place! :) I love the addition of corn, it adds a nice texture. I've made this a lot and often skip the tomato presentation, sometimes adding chopped tomatoes to the salad itself. Good stuff!
I don't think I would make this recipe again just because I don't care that much for bulgar.Bland.
This dish is good for a middle-of-the-week FAST barbecue dinner and I'll keep it on file for that, but I wouldn't serve it to company. I didn't notice an unpleasant odor.
This is yummy. I have substituted sea bass and mahi mahi with excellent results. I don't have a grill, so I place the foil packet in a baking dish and bake in my oven. I like serving it with orzo in a lemon vinaigrette or baby Yukon Gold potatoes roasted in olive oil, sea salt, and fresh rosemary.
Didn't have vermouth on hand so I substituted Chardonnay. Also, used Thai basil instead of tarragon which added a nice fragrance and flavor. Easy clean up!!
I liked this recipe a lot. Didn't use fennel (didn't have it), and used lime zest instead of lemon. The smell didn't bother me but I'm a huge olive fan. I don't have a grill so I made this in the oven. 15 minutes at 350 degrees didn't get the fish all the way done into the middle -- next time I'll cook it longer.
Ugh. This dish sounded so delicious, but was just plain awful. The odor (not aroma!) was so nasty it ruined my appetite. I think it was the olive spread that did it in. Regardless, this was a waste of great fish and beautiful tomatoes.With inspiration from other reviewers... I added one minced garlic clove and diced tomatoes to the shallots and butter. Used a little less butter and added a little white wine. Added basil at the end and turned off the heat. Also seasoned the fish with s/p and a tiny bit of cumin before grilling. Served with sauteed spinach and lentils. Really tasty and my husband loved it.
I only added half a cube of butter (seemed like enough) So I could have totally messed up the recipe....but this was just way too strong of a flavor for fresh halibut. I'm SO a basil lover but I will only use this recipe on stinky old fish that a person doesn't want to taste.
Okay, after reading all the reviews I thought I would change it up a bit. I made the butter the way it asked but added more shallots (2 large) blended those with the basil and butter but added olive oil to the blender. I rubbed the halibut with olive oil first then seasoned with salt, pepper and some of my Victorian Epicure Selection Herb and Garlic Dip mix, just dusting it lightly. Also added some fresh parsley and bit of brown sugar. I let this sit for 2 hours in the fridge. Cooked on the grill accordingly to size then topped with the basil butter......OMG, thought I was eating at a 5 Star restaurant. The fish was bursting with flavor, really tasting the grated lemon but with a hint of sweet garlic. Will serve again for sure!
Overall taste was a bit bland, but it was easy to prepare and went over fairly well with picky children given the "green butter".
Eeeeh. This was OK. Barely. I read the other reviews and took into consideration the lack of direction to season your fish. Did that. Still did not make a big difference. The butter was flavorful but not enough to entice me to make this again. Halibut is an expensive fish to buy so don't waste your moola on this recipe.. :(
After using this butter for a family get together and having everyone rave including kids who don't like green stuff or fish - I couldn't wait to see what reviewers used it on, etc. When reading the reviews I realized I had made it once before and felt the same one fork way as others. With the kids help making it I realized that I had used a gigantic double shallot and they loved pulling the basil leaves from our garden off so much that I ended up with a tightly packed 1 1/2 cups. They also generously seasoned with salt which I may have forgotten to use the last time. We had a good dessert and grilled corn on the cob and they all voted the fish as their favorite. I'm so glad I'd forgotten the greasy mess on the first go around.
I wish I could choose negative 1 fork for awful...The fish was very bland and the butter was overwhelming. I couldn't eat more than two or three bites, and I was trying to scrape off as much butter as possible. So, I essentially chose a lightly seasoned piece of fish over the awful butter! I can honestly say that this is the worst recipe I have ever tried from this site.
I did not like this at all. I followed the recipe exactly. It was not what I was expecting at all. It tasted better on the pasta, but overall I couldn't finish my meal.
The butter is really good. Make a bunch and freeze it. I baked the fish instead, it was a good meal.
I baked this without the oil but with the basil butter. I also added diced tomatoes on top and it tasted very yummy!
I've made this twice now for guests and it received raves and recipe requests both times. Great flavor and very easy! I didn't find it too greasy at all, but I didn't use ALL the basil shallot butter.
We have been using the basil butter on corn on the cob. It's delicious used that way.
This recipe was not very flavorful to me. The basil-shallot butter was too bland, and the method of preparing the fish was too bland, too. I would not make this again.
I really though that the butter was too much for this fish. No one in my family asked for seconds, so I know they didn't like it either.
I really did not like the heavy butter on this fish. It was too oily and no one in my family asked for seconds, which is a clear sign that they didn't like it either.
This was divine! I used grilled Mahi fillets. So delicious. The butter would be good on so many things. I had a lot of it leftover and we put it on top of grilled chicken the next night and that was good. It would probably be amazing on top of mashed potatoes. Yum! I could go on and on. Definitley a keeper.
This recipe was amazing!! So delicious and easy. I rarely make thing twice but this will become a regular. I got a fillet with the skin on and pan fried it because I didn't feel like turning on the grill. Turned out perfect. Delicious!This is a lovely recipe, the sauce tastes good with eggplant too. I add a tablespoon of tomato paste to the tomatos and cook the sauce down till it's nice and thick. To the poster above who found the lemongrass too chewy you are supposed to strain them out.
This is a lovely recipe, the sauce tastes good with eggplant too. I add a tablespoon of tomato paste to the tomatos and cook the sauce down till it's nice and thick. To the poster above who found the lemongrass too chewy you are supposed to strain them out.
This is a lovely recipe, the sauce tastes good with eggplant too. I add a tablespoon of tomato paste to the tomatos and cook the sauce down till it's nice and thick. To the poster above who found the lemongrass too chewy you are supposed to strain them out.
This sauce recipe did not work at all! The result was bland "tomato water". What sauce?? A complete waste. I can usually count on Gourmet and Epicurious but this was a total failure. Who tested it?
If you like bland, this is the recipe for you. Forget the lemongrass (which is tough and chewy) and just use lemon juice or zest, more garlic and either cilantro or parsley.
The lemongrass tomato sauce is very disappointing. It's quite bland and uninteresting. Halibut, grilled and then drizzled w/olive oil, is wonderful on its own.
I was disappointed by this dish. The sauce came out really thin and was too tomatoey and not spicy enough. I added some garlic chili sauce and that helped a bit but the consistency was still poor. Luckily the fish tasted great just with the olive oil and salt and pepper.I poached in chicken broth like the Lee's Summit's cook suggested. I used chipolatas because that's what I had. It was OK but I don't think I'll bother next time. I'll just chuck them under the grill straight away.
even better poached in beer
Poached in chicken broth for 15 minutes and then grilled. The broth mellowed the sausage and it tasted great. Poached in white wine, we didn't think the flavor was as good as the broth.It's important to pre-cook these a bit before grilling -- I had several really large/thick leeks, so I increased the boiling time to about 10 minutes. One warning: Keep that heat moderate (I had several leeks where a layer burned to a crisp). But I agree with another reviewer that you're easily on your own after that. I brushed these while grilling with a garlic olive oil, then served them dressed lightly with a homemade Greek dressing -- scrumptious!
We prepared the leeks as the recipe directs, but served them with just a bit of a basic dijon vinaigrette. Much less work and very good as a side with any grilled meat.
This was okay, but not a keeper. I think leeks taste better complimenting other food not as their own dish.This came out great. We actually made it with swordfish rather than mahi-mahi. Also, instead of boiling and straining tamarind pulp, I simply used prepared tamarind paste (in the Indan foods section). Tasted great but also didn't form a glaze. What do we need to do to get a glaze? Broil under high heat?
I agree the sauce was a bit thin. I even marinated the fish in the sauce before cooking, but the flavor did not come through. I may try again.
The flavor of the sauce was really good, but was not really a glaze and just ran off the fish. If I made it again I would reduce the sauce to a thicker consistancy. The fish on the grill was really good anyway.
To dorisintoronto, I wouldn't be too concerned about both the soy and fish sauce overpowering the fish, but I would personally omit the salt. Salt is rather unnecessary when you've got other ingredients to take that seasoning role.
This isn't really a review. I'm concerned that the soy sauce and fish sauce will be too salty and overpower the fish. Any thoughts?I have been making this [or something much like it] for years, and have yet to call it "mock sausage". Please tell us why this is mock, instead or real?
This is fine. But why is it "mock"????? I thought sausage WAS flavored ground pork, no?
This would be a wonderful accompaniment to pancakes or french toast for breakfast. The flavor was subtle and it was much less greasy than sausage and more flavorful and better textured than chicken or turkey sausage.Very good pesto and a nice change for burgers.
My mom sent me arugula from her garden, so it may have been particularly flavorful. We did have to add extra oil to this to get the right consistency. We had mozzarella on hand, so we did follow that in the recipe. I think it would be quite good with a more flavorful cheese, like blue or swiss. I am looking forward to trying the pesto in another dish to fully taste its flavor profile. Our burgers were delicious, but did not completely adhere to the recipe. (Use turkey with spices, add grilled onions, avocado, and lemon mayonnaise.)
O.K. I don't find mozzarella to be a very flavorful cheese for a cheeseburger so I tried this again with goat cheese on half the burgers (thought it would go well with the pesto), cheddar on the other half. Although it was better with either of these cheeses, the end result was that the pesto was a lot of extra prep for very little extra flavor. I probably won't make it again.This recipe was great! You really do have to boil the octopus for an hour or more for it to get tender but then it's delicious and I love the extra step of grilling it afterward for some char. Also loved the combination of Kale, tomatoes and beans.
This was my first time making octopus so, no surprise, it came out chewy. Next time, I may flash--boil and then roast the octpus, which I hear may give it a better texture. It's also possible it needed to be grilled for more time. Taste-wise, it was lovely, it was just the texture.The vinegar is overpowering. Made this on the grill and sauted. The grilled ones are a slightly better as more of the vinegar is burned off. The vinegar just takes away the delicacy of the mushrooms.
Delicious! Lots of flavour for minimal effort. I adjusted the oil down to 4 tbsp - 6 tbsp was too much for my taste. Marinade is also great drizzled over grilled asparagus.
Besides being super easy, this recipe is delicious. We made it in the grill pan on the stovetop and it was fabulous. Now whenever I see oyster mushrooms cheap in the grocery I grab them.I made this for Thanksgiving and it was a ridiculous hit! I grilled it with hickory chip for a smokey flavor that was outrageously good. The sour cream sauce is not a good fit, I would suggest a different sauce. Also another review suggested putting garlic and goat cheese, that also sounds awesome. Give this one a try!
I made this with chicken instead of turkey. It wasn't bad, but I felt that overall it was very "meh" and I might make this again with some tweaks to boost the flavour. I think sundried tomatoes might be a good addition to the filling.
No flavor! The only substitution I made was to use turkey scallops which were about 1/4" thick and I reduced the grilling time. In hindsight as I read the ingredients they're not real exciting. What did I expect? And what issue was this from again? It wasn't Bon Appetit August 2001 unless I'm missing something.
tried it before using it for a buffet party for 40 - it was good but biggest problem was getting a 2 lb. turkey breast. There are no fresh ones that big (especially this time of yr) and from talking to butchers, they would not guarentee the amount of meat on a frozen one. So made it with a 1.5 lb. breast - turned out good but small - ok for family not for a party. Changed the menu and moved on.
I only give this recipe two forks because I made some changes to it. With these changes, I would rate this recipe with 3 forks. First of all, I didn't use turkey breasts. My husband is not fond of turkey except for the traditional Thanksgiving one. I substituted pork tenderloin, butterflied it and pounded it just as the recipe said. I spread a layer of roasted garlic and basil flavored goat cheese over the pork after pounding and then pressed the roasted peppers and basil on top. I rolled it and grilled it as suggested. However, I didn't feel that the pork needed as much grilling time. The pork was moist and the filling to die for. It is a beautiful dish for company and not at all difficult to make. I also didn't care for the basil sauce and had some leftover basil aioli from some crab cakes that I made earlier in the week. The basil aioli is a better accompaniment. Here are the ingredients if interested: 1/2 cup mayo, 3 tbsp. chopped basil, 1 tsp. lemon juice, 1 1/2 tsp. garlic, lemon peel and some Frank's Red Hot sauce to taste. An enjoyable dish worth making again with the above changes! Good luck!We really like this recioe, although I pump it up with more onion, more corn kernels and definitely more parmigiano. I like to grate about 1 cup of the cheese into the polenta before stirring in the corn and onion.
I wish I had had this month's Bon Appetit when making this. The tip to make cutting corn off the cob easy (with the end secured in the hole of a bundt pan) would really have come in handy.
Nice and easy, and so many possible variations. It's not bad just served as polenta, but the grilling and little bit of Parmesan makes it especially good.
Loved it. Instead of water I use vegetable broth. It gives the polenta a great taste. I also buy polenta from the bulk bins at the store. It only takes five minutes to stir, and then throw it on the grill for added flavor. Excellent with some homemade marinera and a salad.
these were awful. bland. yuck
I would suggest substituting White Corn Meal for Stone Ground as it cooks in about 10 minutes vs. 30 per the recipe. I also used fresh white corn and cooking spray in lieu of brushing with oil which worked really well. Don't skimp on the parmesan. It can keep for a day or more before grilling. Definitely crispy and wonderful as a side dish!
Perfect accompaniment for a flavorful meat entree. I served this as a side to Grilled Porterhouse with Tarragon-Tomato Salad from this site. Excellent dinner. The polenta thickened up in a lot less than 30 minutes. I don't know if that is because I halved the recipe or?
Used fresh local corn, made early in the day & threw it on the BBQ that evening. It was a v. good side for my spicy marinated sirloin steaks.
Hmm. I made this for a dinner party last weekend and it was a big hit. Everyone in the group that cooks asked for the recipe. I did use extra garlic and added butter while I baked the polenta. I know the recipe calls for cooking it on the stove top, but believe me the oven is much easier and tidier. You only need stir it once. I can't imagine that baking it would have made much of a difference in taste, however.
Recipe is pretty much the traditional northern Italian version. Note to the other reviewers - polenta is supposed to be bland. It is designed to be served in a similar way to rice or noodles under a stew or cacciatore.
I took the suggestions of the previous reviewers and added more garlic and cheese for flavor. I would also add a bit of butter at the end. I grilled and fried it, added fresh parmesan and served with a side of marinara. A spicy salsa might also work well. I would make this again.
This dish had absolutely no taste - very bland - would not recommend even though the picture looks nice
one of the blandest-tasting polenta ever. to make it appetising, more garlic, butter and parmesan should be added to the mixture itself - changing the recipe completely...definitely won't be a second time.Rather tasty! Made as directed. Even my picky teenager (who proclaimed the night before she no longer likes or eats pork chops), gave it a thumbs up & devoured the cherry relish too. Will add to the make again list.
Needed a quick grilled pork chop recipe and this filled the bill as I had all the ingredients except ginger so I did w/out. After reading the other reviews I decided to improvise. The relish seemed like it would be a bit dry so I added about 2 tblspns of balsamic vinegar and then some fresh thyme and chives. My husband raved about this and claimed the leftovers for his lunch the next day. Definitely a keeper!
After reading the reviews, I was a little nervous about this recipe. I decided to add curry powder and really loved the results. My boyfriend, who is very finicky, said it was the best meal I ever cooked.
I found this dish to be just okay. It certainly tasted better with the pork than on its own, but like another reviewer, I felt the elements just didn't come together. And it wasn't my cherries - they were fresh and very flavorful on their own.
I substituted the cherries for ripe plumbs, hand-picked from the tree in our front yard. Yummy!
This dish was extremely easy and very flavorful. I substituted ground ginger and used some cherries that I had canned last year. I would imagine that frozen cherries (thawed) would be just fine as well.
I found this recipe to be very unexciting. It seemed good on paper, but after the enticing smell of the sauteed garlic, ginger, and onion, the whole was less than the sum of its parts. My wife and I found it nothing to write home about.
Enjoyed by all on the 4th of July. A last-minute grill problem meant I had to finish the chops under the broiler (same time as grilling). So good, so easy. I used ginger paste instead of fresh ginger (available at ethnic grocers).
This was SO easy and had such an interesting flavor. Bye bye boring old Porkchops and Applesauce! Unfortunately, fresh cherries were completely unavailable when I planned to make this, so I had to use canned ones. I didn't expect much success, but it turned out delicious! I bought a can of sweet bings and simply drained them. Once cherry season hits, I'm making this again.
My friends definitely found it a hit, and we're picky college students. I wasn't able to get fresh cherries. However, I found dehydrated cherries work in a pinch. Just soak them for an hour or so to help rehydrate them and add some of the water to the relish with the cherries since some of the flavor is leeched out.
This has been added to the rotation at my house. We look forward to cherry season!
Didn't get to grill the same night I began to marinade so it sat covered in my refrigerator for an extra day. Don't know if this made a difference. I discovered I was out of gas for the grill so I broiled them in the over for 4 minutes on each side. Never having done this before, I was sceptical but they came out great. With the added relish ingredients there was a plethora of tastes with every bite. It was delicious!!
If you have any leftover relish, it is good on crackers smeared with a little cream cheese or goat cheese.
I loved the taste of this as well as the ease in preparation. It also is a cost effective recipe which is always a bonus. I would definitely prepare it again.This is a family favorite. Instead of pork chops, we serve the sauce over rice and sauteed potatoes, mushrooms, hominy, and, most importantly, cashews. I don't add the sesame seeds or peanuts. Instead I double the pumpkin seeds. Also, I use a 28oz can of tomatillos. The biggest change is I use canned chipotle chiles in adobo sauce instead of jalapenos. (Actually, I just use the sauce--adding the chiles would make it too hot for my family.) We sprinkle this with ground cotija cheese.
The ingredients looked so good! I should have taken you guys' word for this sauce. It wasn't near flavorful. I won't make it again, but if I did, I would try it with leaving out the peanuts. We thought they dominated it.
I was searching for a "pipian" sauce recipe and came across this. Didn't make the pork, but used the sauce in a way it was served in a dish at a restaurant. A recommendation for the extra sauce: spoon some into a small cassarole dish, slice goat cheese rounds and place a few on top of the sauce, run in under the broiler until the goat cheese is warm and serve with grilled bread. A great "bread spread!"
Interesting ingredients, but felt they were out of balance. I increased garlic to 3 cloves, and doubled the jalenpos. Next time I am cutting down on the cilantro, as it was overpowering. The texture was great and I am not giving up yet.
Thinking that all the ingredients sounded great together AND that we have been to this restaurant and thought it was great we tried this recipe....AND it was terrible. The grilled pork was great but the sauce was a waste of time and $$$. It was bland and uninteresting and I can't imagine what would improve it.
I thought the pipian sauce (which is really what the recipe is) was tasty; liked the cilantro and seed flavors together. Fun to try once but probably won't make again. Definitely cut it in half unless you have an army to feed. Yes, it does make 4+ cups of sauce, and I did drain and use only 1/4 c. reserved liquid, according to recipe--it calls for 1.5 c. broths, plus all those leaves, seeds, nuts, vegetables. It overflowed my food processor so I was probably a bit too timid in grinding it as long as I should have the first time around. The seeds are very fibrous, so be sure to grind long and hard. I put the leftovers back in for another round in the processor, and I'm now trying to think of other ways to use sauce ...
Tomatillos make a wonderful sauce, so I'll definitely try this. The romaine might be a more subtle flavor, but I've made a similar tomatillo sauce (for enchildas) which uses fresh spinach if anyone is looking for something more 'green' .
Be aware - the recipe as written makes 4 1/2 cups of sauce. All preferred the pork without the sauce, so I still have 4 cups left over. This one isn't staying in my permanent collection. Too bad; it sounded so good on paper.If there is five feet of snow and porterhouse steaks are on sale, this is the way to go. The method of cooking them here turns out exactly medium rare meat. But give me the outside grill almost any day! As for the salad dressing, my family wouldn't eat it, I did but hated it. It was a fishy gloppy mess even with the water added.
Excellent flavor!!!I don't have a grill but roast these in my oven and they turn our fabulously. I've made this recipe twice for company and everyone always raves. The butter not only flavors the poussins but also anything you serve it with. You can make the lemon butter the day before, prep the birds the day you're cooking, and pop them into the oven when your company arrives since they only take about 35 minutes to cook.
This recipe was not too bad. The herb butter was good, but I think more lime would give it more flavor, and if I made it again, I'd salt the birds liberally before roasting and add lime juice to the pan juices at the end. The poussins provide a good one-person portion and nice presentation, but were I to make this again I'll do it with a regular roasting chicken. Too much work to eat the little poussins while avoiding the bones, and the smaller birds have more skin:meat ratio than a full grown chicken. The taste is the same.LOL! Stale socks, that's a new one. Asian black beans are NOTHING like the black beans used in other cooking, like southwestern fare...my wife & I love this recipe, and I generally don't change a thing, although I've used rice vinegar instead of lemon juice sometimes, and I've also used a couple of tablespoons of prepared black bean garlic sauce (it comes out pretty good this way). The favorite, though, is using real fermented black beans, bought at an asian market. I disagree the sauce is too rich, it is perfect; however, it is very flavorful, and can fully support a great cut of beef, like a New York steak. Yum!
To those who do not know, Black Bean should not taste or smell like bad socks. If it does, it turned bad. When possible, buy Chiu or Guangzhou bean sauce, it keeps better and is not preserved in Vinegar. This recipe is great, but lacks a sort of common sense article to those whom are unfamiliar with Chinese/Asian cuisine.
This is a keeper. I substituted one table spoon of a purchased "black bean garlic sauce" for the fermented black beans and it turned out great. Will bring back again.
I haven't made this recipe exactly, but thought the sauce will go nicely with pasta...and it was pretty good. I reduced the amount of butter and omitted flour to lighten it.
I must have done something seriously wrong--at least I hope so. Finally found the black beans at an Asian market. However, even after soaking and rinsing the beans several times, the smell of dirty, stale socks was overwhelming. Cooking didn't do much to help the situation, and the sauce had a nauseating dirty, stale aftertaste. These black beans bore no resemblance whatsoever to the black beans I know and love. What happened?
Everyone at dinner the other night enjoyed this dish. The cream together with butter make the sauce unnecessarily rich, masking the fermented black bean a little, so I'll use half and half next time, and cut back on the butter a little. Otherwise outstanding!We made the mistake of using nice sirloin steaks for this recipe. Reminded me of chuck steak in mom's chilepot. Avoid this one.
Simple yet full of flavor...Next time I am going to experement and use 1/4tablespoon of tangerine zest as well
Whipped this up tonight to throw on the grill for a quick supper. I thought that this was a real nice balance of chile, cumin and lime. I used ground chipotle for the chile component for a nice smokey flavour
I usually love all the recipes from this site but not this one. I thought there wasn't much flavor to it. My steaks were slightly bigger than what the recipe called for, but I still used the same amount of rub. Maybe that's were I went wrong. I don't think I'll be making it again though.
We thought this was pretty boring. All you could taste was the chili powder. If you reeeally like chili powder, this one's for you. If not, pass. Doubt we'll be using this one again.
This recipe works for cooks who know the difference between CHILI and CHILE. Chili powder is for making chili. Chile is various types of chile powder ie; red chile, green chile, jalpeno powder etc. We made this with Chimayo, New Mexican red, and New Mexican Green chile powders plus a dash of white pepper and kosher salt. If you like New Mexican or Mexican style foods you will love this dish. Just remember to rub steaks and allow to "marinate" for at least 20 minutes before grilling to get a nice spicy crust.
Wow! I love lots of flavor in my dishes and this one truly has it. I actually doubled the amount of the rub, as my steaks were a tad bigger. The steaks were sheer perfection! I make them all the time now.
Simple and delicious. I had this with Stouffer's Spinach Souffle, baked potato wedges, and a some RH Phillips Cabernet Sauvignon. I'm going to try this rub with other things such as salmon, chicken and lamb.
Simple, easy and good, all of my personal requirements for a good meal.
I didn't write down the proportions and realized after I made it that I used a lot more of all the ingredients. Nonetheless, it was quite good. Garlic would be a nice addition in the future though. We served it with fresh corn on the cob, garden salad and margaritas - all of it went together nicely.
If this dish weren't so tasty, you'd love it for its simplicity alone. Soooo easy to do, and using a grill pan makes it all that much faster. Loved it! I served this will Spring Vegetable Medley and steamed corn on the cob. A nice, quick Sunday evening meal. Try it!
Tasty, yet bland? That makes perfect sense. Really good recipe.
I used the rub on a London broil and was very pleased with the results. I'm making this for the second time tonight.
The meat is tasty-yet surprisingly bland. Next time I will add a little salt, maybe garlic salt to the rub. The flavor reminds me of Fajita meat.Sacrilage to discard the innards of the scallops which ought to at least be used for stock... And even the roe would be delicious grilled too, or in a chowder...Made the lamb chops only (not the veg). Ok but unremarkable. Was hoping for spicier.
Before you begin, take
My sister, Mary, had a little lamb, a little beef, a little pork, a little cheese, a little fish, I'm glad she had a little fork.
Lamb is difficult to prepare (without falsifying it's basic taste), but this recipe rates very well. Beef dishes usually need no great adjustments to it's basics, but the "other meats" - quail, ostrich, lamb, game (and others) sometimes well-prepared recipes like this to bring out their true flavor.
Just one word, yuck. We typically enjoy Indian flavored food but this dish had little taste. The expression on my husband's face when he took the first bite made it clear that this was not a recipe we would be trying again.
My husband and I had this for dinner last night, I followed the recipe exactly and we thought it was very good. It is certainly not the greatest lamb recipe I've ever made but worth a try. What I like is that it is a complete meal. The marinade was easy but didn't give the lamb much flavor. The vegetables were wonderful. The Red Bell Pepper Sauce was the weakest part of the menu - quite bland. I had a jar of roasted red pepper sauce which had more flavor so I mixed them. The sauce really does tie the meal together.
The marinade was lovely; quick and easy to make. I marinaded lamb chops and pork chops, both were enhanced by the marinade. To increase the flavour, I took the suggestions of one of the reviewers and added ginger, garlic and curry spices. However the vegetables were bland and lacking in flavour. English swede is quite large and dominated the vegetables. I had a good third of the vegetables left-over. For all the work required to cut-up the vegetables, I would not make this again. I would repeat a similar marinade again.
Madhur Jaffrey's marinade sounds good, will you share the recipe?
The marinade in this recipe is quite similar to one I used last night for lamb kebabs. It came from Madhur Jaffrey's "Indian Cooking." Her marinade uses the same proportion of ingredients, but calls for much less (for example, I used 1/2 cup yogurt for 2 lbs. of boneless lamb), and also includes garlic and finely minced ginger, and ground coriander instead of cardamom. I also used a good quality fat-free yogurt, so am dubious about the need for whole-milk yogurt in this version. This marinade sounds like a good variation on the theme, and worth trying with either the chops or kebabs.If Eric Ripert say it needs 25 eggs.... I'll use 25 eggs. Excellent recipe, be sure to whisk the sabayon enough so you dont get that eggy taste some talked about.
I would agree with the previous commenter that this tasted 'eggy'. Maybe I didn't cook the sauce quite long enough, but it definitely tasted a little off. I think it's a very nice idea, and with maybe half as much egg and a little English mustard to oompf it up, it might turn out OK.
I've made this several times and both my husband and I found it excellent. I used a grill pan and lightly oiled the pan and fish and avoided sticking. The sauce was delicious--I followed the recipe exactly. The slightly bitter bok choy was a perfect counterpoint to the rich sauce.
I used three eggs instead of four and the dressing still seemed "eggy." I also substituted shrip for the tilapia, because thats what I had on hand. Good, but there are better recipes out there for use of these ingredients.
I used three eggs instead of four and the dressing still seemed "eggy." I also substituted shrip for the tilapia, because thats what I had on hand. Good, but there are better recipes out there for use of these ingredients.
Not impressed. Grilling the tilapia did not work out very well. It fell apart when removed from the grates. The sauce was good but took a long time to get to the light and foamy stage. Don't overdue the salt.
Grilling the tilapia as directed, till slightly charred outside, made the fish really delicious. I must have done something wrong with the sauce though - it was very runny. Good flavor, but the texture was too thin. Perhaps because I had the water bath at higher than a simmer? I will definitely try again, though.
There's nothing like making a new dish for company, but thanfully, it turned out pretty well. The only recommendation that I would have is to make sure your wine reduction errs on the side of more rather than less. I though I had 2 T. when I took it off the stove, but because I let it sit for a little bit, the shallots absorbed the liquid and so the sauce turned out more like a paste than a sauce. Though, I must say, the technique of using a double boiler for this sauce does a wonderful job at not cooking the eggs solid. I've made a bernaise sauce in one pot before and it's rather tricky to get the eggs warm enough before you add them to the heated liquid. I served this with the heirloom tomatoes and the chili cheddar shortcakes. The dishes were great color combinations.I love grilled zucchini. I sliced the zucchini lengthwise and added salt and pepper along with the olive oil and it is quit delicious. You can add anything to it really.
This recipe, as it stands, is quite bland. However, if you add some garlic powder and onion salt and a dash of cayenne pepper - you get a GREAT recipe!I don't know where others buy their ham hocks, but mine are usually tender enough after simmering for an hour--you're just using the meat, not the skin. I wouldn't imagine a ham hock would deliver a tasty stock with just plain water--in my humble opinion, chicken stock is warranted.
A couple of things - I've never known ham hocks to become tender in only one hour of cooking time under ANY circumstances! Also, ham hocks have so much flavor on their own that it's totally unnecessary to cook them in chicken stock. It's overkill.
linkee no workee
Sounds great - regarding the apples, you should click the words "Sauteed Apples" in the recipe- this is a link to another recipe.
nicking--the Sauteed Apples are a separate recipe-if you put your cursor over "Sauteed Apples" and click, it brings you to a separate page for that recipe--and tells you how many apples, etc.
Something is missing here!! How many apples? How long should they cook?This recipe is great. The only thing i added was i pan fried the tasso in a pad of butter to get some juices rendered and poured it all into the grits.
Texture was odd--the grits were creamy and smooth with little chewy bits of sausage. Basically not that good for all the calories involved. I didn't have a deep fat fryer. Using one might help.Very, very good recipe. I agree that it is not necessary to boil the mixture for 4 minutes. The roux thickened the egg mixture almost immediately and I only let it boil for about 1 1/2 minutes. I used whole milk in place of cream and added 8oz of wild mushrooms that were sauteed with some garlic and chopped in the food processor. Also, I did use individual 3/4 cup ramekins and reduced the cooking time to approx. 20-22 minutes. Served as a side dish to grilled steaks and loved the combo. Delicious and different.
I made this recipe over Christmas and it turned out beautifully exactly as written. I was just looking in here to see if anyone had done it in individual ramekins, which I think I'm going to try this weekend for six people as a side. I had no problems with it like the other reviewer and have made many souffles. Hopefully I won't screw it up this weekend!
We would never make this again! We ended up with scrambled eggs! We followed the recipe exactly, and added the cream mixture (containing the egg yolks) to the flour and butter. We were careful to watch the temperature - it never even got close to boiling - but we still ended up with a pan of scrambled eggs. We were perplexed that the recipe actually instructing boiling the whole mixture for 4 minutes - we're guessing that if we did boil for 4 minutes we'd have had an omelet. We threw out the batch and started again, this time with a different recipe, which came out beautifully.
Outstanding and simple to make. It's a hearty souffle that doesn't collapse when it's baked or served (provided you don't overbeat the egg whites). I highly recommend it.My Mexican grandmother would have said that this is simply ...aguacate, no es guacamole! As far as tasting like guacamole, this is BLAND! This is basically avacado and onion, not guacamole.
Actually, many cooks in Mexico don't put garlic or lime juice in their guacamole, so this would be authentic, EXCEPT...it left out the cilantro! Add some cilantro, and you'll have a delicious, authentic guacamole. I always put garlic and lime juice in mine but I now like it better without--more unctuous & avocado-y, and less salad/dip-like. I don't think guacamole was meant to be _sprightly_, except for the bite of the white (not sweet yellow! though that tastes fine too...) onion.
We love avacados so this Guacamole is a great recipe and I recommend it to all my friends tell- ing them its from your Epicurious Foods on the Internet. If you like avacados like we do what a delicious way to serve as a dip too. Thank you. We appreciate all you show us!
add 1 tsp lemon or lime juice and a dash of worchestershire sauce to GREATLY IMPROVE.
There is a lack of several essencial ingredents, i.e. lime juice, a hint of garlic, & a touch of sour cream
This is really great, but could use some fresh tomatoes in it.I'm surprised at the 2-fork rating. It must be related to the guacamole recipe offered, which is the most boring guac recipe I've ever seen. I simply made the guac the way I always do, adding: Vidalia onion, garlic, cilantro, juice and zest of a lime, plum tomato, cumin and chile powder. I eyeball the proportions for everything relative to the number of mashed avocados in the bowl, so experiment to taste. I'm one for fresh guac, but if you use plenty of lime and store it with a pit in the container, it won't turn brown and the flavors get a huge boost after spending the night in the fridge. We're vegetarians, so I used fake steak strips (MorningStar Farms), which add a lovely smoky flavor once sauteed in olive oil until somewhat blackened and then chopped into small pieces. The only Chile de Arbol I could lay hands upon was ground, so I had to guess at the amount. I used 2.5 tablespoons, which may be a bit much for folks, but if you like some heat, it'll be just right. I also had to use 12 dried Guajillo chiles, which gave the sauce a lovely deep red color. The sauce, made with my changes, offers an intense heat that will make you sweat and clear your sinuses without making you feel like the inside of your mouth is being burned out. Make it in advance and the flavors just get better. I also used soft corn tortillas and fried them in corn oil until slightly browned and patted them down well before assembling each delightful taco. We loved these so much we had them for dinner two nights in a row! I can't wait to make these for guests--meatless, of course!!
I keep thinking something is wrong with this recipe... my sauce was completely green... nothing at all like the brown steak sauce in the picture... I couldn't find guajillo chiles, so I had to use serrano instead, and had to use powdered chiles de arbol instead of whole dried ones, but I can't imagine those changes would give the brown look to the sauce?? Flavor of the sauce was actually awesome - not bland, but the green look (from tomatillos) was unappetizing with the (essentially) boiled steak and green guac... Suggestions: actually add some steak sauce and saute meat in that (with seasoning) instead of in the tom. sauce and use both, use red onion and lime in the guac. Surprisingly, we really liked it, but I was really looking for the 'steak sauce' bite and flavor, and the meat was lost in the tomatillo sauce, so with a few improvements, I think it could really turn the recipe around to be fantastic.
I keep thinking something is wrong with this recipe... my sauce was completely green... nothing at all like the brown steak sauce in the picture... I couldn't find guajillo chiles, so I had to use serrano instead, and had to use powdered chiles de arbol instead of whole dried ones, but I can't imagine those changes would give the brown look to the sauce?? Flavor of the sauce was actually awesome - not bland, but the green look (from tomatillos) was unappetizing with the (essentially) boiled steak and green guac... Suggestions: actually add some steak sauce and saute meat in that (with seasoning) instead of in the tom. sauce and use both, use red onion and lime in the guac. Surprisingly, we really liked it, but I was really looking for the 'steak sauce' bite and flavor, and the meat was lost in the tomatillo sauce, so with a few improvements, I think it could really turn the recipe around to be fantastic.
I keep thinking something is wrong with this recipe... my sauce was completely green... nothing at all like the brown steak sauce in the picture... I couldn't find guajillo chiles, so I had to use serrano instead, and had to use powdered chiles de arbol instead of whole dried ones, but I can't imagine those changes would give the brown look to the sauce?? Flavor of the sauce was actually awesome - not bland, but the green look (from tomatillos) was unappetizing with the (essentially) boiled steak and green guac... Suggestions: actually add some steak sauce and saute meat in that (with seasoning) instead of in the tom. sauce and use both, use red onion and lime in the guac. Surprisingly, we really liked it, but I was really looking for the 'steak sauce' bite and flavor, and the meat was lost in the tomatillo sauce, so with a few improvements, I think it could really turn the recipe around to be fantastic.
Honestly, one of the most disappointing recipes ever from BA. Dried guajillos or fresh? The recipe never specified (I assume dried). The steak sauce was nasty- very bland, tart, and the steak was unappetizing. Guac was mediocre at best. Good concept on the recipe but lacking on the execution...
I thought this reciipe rather boring. The sauce was a little bitter. I added salt and a little sugar to cut the bitterness. The meat was tough so I simmered it about 45 minutes and it was better. If I make this again I would probably grill the meat first and then chop it into pieces and add it to the sauce. The guacamole was bland so I added some granulated garlic, lime juice, chopped tomato and cilantro, cayenne, salt an pepper. After assembling I topped it with some grated pepper jack cheese. After these adjustments it was quite good. I was wondering if Bon Appetit really tested this recipe. If they did I can't believe they thought it was worth making as is, because it was very mediocre. I will make this again using my own improvements. A dollop of sour cream would also be a great addition
BO-RING and so much work! I live in Phoenix and was able to find all the ingredients. I did not use the guacamole recipe as I could tell it was dull. I used the Barefoot Contessa guacamole recipe which is excellent. I made the tomatillo and steak sauce, it was extremely labor intensive and so not worth it. Just plain dull. I did however, make the green chicken enchiladas from the same Bon Apetit issue and they were excellent!To be honest, this is the 2nd time I've made this. The first time around, I would have agreed with the other reviewers here. This time, I spiced it up by using this site's "Creole Seasoning" and some of the cooking tips from the other Gumbo Z'herbe recipes featured here (like adding cider vinegar and parsley at the end). I omitted carrots by accident and they would have been nice for the shot of color (despite using a yellow pepper). These revamps made for a TASTY vegan gumbo with a mildly spicy bite and will become my new monthly staple (wish I had time to make it more often).
This dish needed a boost. I served it atop of creamy polenta, (recipe with the Andouille Sausage & Shrimp) instead of the white rice. I always have a meat dish and a vegetarian main on my Summer Sunday dinners. This one looked promising for my vegetarian friends.
Wow, what did I do wrong? This tasted mostly like burnt oil (and the roux was fine, I promise). I don't understand how there is supposed to be any flavor in this dish with water as a base and no salt, parmesan, herbs, or spices. Yuck.
Perhaps this dish tastes wonderful, but it's blasphemy to call it gumbo. Who comes up with this stuff?
Yummy, yum, yum. I'm vegan, and I think this dish would please omnivores also. Shame on the person who rated this recipe so poorly without trying it first!
For the Lafayette cook, here in New Orleans, there is a dish called gumbo z'herbes. The recipe I learned from my grandmere is a quite different from this one and very good. I plan to post it soon. The one I used has 7 greens in it a is a staple in my family on New Years Eve.
I didn't even bother to try this recipe, for what's gumbo worth without the usual cajun-seasonings? And then all these vegetables - gumbo doesn't need them. I've forgotten this recipe already.
I would argue with the statement that this type of gumbo is not made in Louisiana. It appears in several restaurants which specialize in gumbo and is delicious. I would spice this recipe up with cajun seasonings, hot sauce, etc.
this is just an fyi- i'm a cajun from south louisiana. no gumbo is made that way around here. greens in a gumbo? the old people here would laugh. during lent, people will make a seafood gumbo....
I made this for my vegetarian husband who is great fan of southern Louisiana culture; I thought that it was somewhat bland, but he, who has never had gumbo with shrimp, chicken or sausage, liked it quite a lot. I added plenty of salt and hot sauce and it grew on me. I may make this again and try different variations on the greens: This time I used only collards.
I made this Gumbo and I suprised my wife with it. It tasted like it had smoked ham in it. I put it over long grain rice and thought it was delicious. We're having friends over tonight and will see their reaction.
This recipe has got to missing something, namely seasonings! I used the recipe as a base and added tons of spices (Cajun seasoning, cayenne, paprika, and Johnny's Seasoning Salt) and herbs (fresh oregano, Italian parsley, and thyme) to the roux. It probably made all the difference. It was great with these additions.
One of the most disappointing recipes ever. A total waste of good greens.I was searching for a use for persimmons and found this recipe. I made it with Pecan Raisin bread, added 1/2 t. cinnamon and 1/4 t. nutmeg and omitted the walnuts. I served it with a simple bourbon hard sauce. My husband loved it so I will try it again during the holidays.
I'll look for other ways to use up our persimmons. I found this too sweet and it did not have the traditional, custardy bread pudding texture.
I have a persimmon tree (well my neighbor does), so I am always looking for interesting persimmon recipes. This was so good, we ate the entire thing in one night between four of us! I would reduce the vanilla to bring up the taste of hte persimmons. I also tried making it with panettone in place of challa, and it was pretty tasty.
Don't expect it to taste like persimmons. If you're looking for persimmon flavor, keep it simple. But if you need to use some very ripe persimmons, this is ideal as well as delicious. Many variations are possible. Used skim milk with good results. Also seasoned with allspice and mace. I can see varying the spices with cinnamon, nutmeg, ginger, clove. I'd prefer more raisins, and will double them next time. The nuts added a pleasant crunch, but their flavor wasn't discernible.
Blahh.....Sorry, what a disappointment. I love persimmons, but you can barely taste it in the recipe. I used dried cranberries instead of raisins and croissants instead of bread and it turned out bland and soggy. I love bread pudding and have several recipes for it. This one has to be one of the worst.
I thought this pudding was delicious! Although the taste of persimmon is somewhat subtle, it was clearly present, and added a nice silky texture to the recipe (I used local organic persimmons). A good quality molasses sugar (like Billingtons) probably makes a difference, too. It's an unassuming recipe with a homey presentation, but 6 of us thought it was perfect on a winter night. Note: the online version seems to have a typo in the baking time--it's 35-40 minutes (not 5-40)
What a disappointment! This pudding is OK, but has minimal persimmon flavor. Or any other flavor, for that matter. The best part were the raisins. There must be better ways to use Hachiya persimmons.The molasses was so overpowering, none of the other spices or the flavor of the apples could even begin to be savored
It looks like someone updated the recipe adding the eggs and sour cream. I liked the idea of the apples on the bottom and the spice cake baked on top. I thought the spices in the cake were a little too overpowering and the cake was a little dry. Next time I will use a different gingerbread recipe and use less sugar on the apples
Whisk the eggs? What eggs? Add the sour cream? What sour cream? Is it in addition to the yogurt or instead of? Unfortunately, not a successful recipe.
Had to be my all-time worst recipe I ever got on Epicurious. Nothing subtle about those spices. Tastes like someone just shook raw spices into my mouth and I swallowed. Even my husband who likes just about anything I bake thought it was too strong.
Be prepared to share this cake with either a large family or a big party of friends. The cake was delicious, but very rich. Would be a treat at Christmastime. I used only 2 eggs, which seemed perfect. I also used a 13x9 pan as well as a 9x9 pan. The cakes are much thinner (about 2"), but that might be best considering the richness. I also used only yogurt, no sour cream, and thought that was just fine as well. Considering the amount of sugar it looked like was in the cake, I used a sour apple - I believe Granny Smith. Would try a slightly sweeter one next time - It didn't come out quite as sweet as I imagined. (Fuji would be perfect). This would make a wonderful "gift cake."
I used 3 large eggs, and for a twist I used Date Molasses. Next time I will use 2 large eggs. Using 3 eggs caused the cake to rise more than expected, it looked like a quick bread. The overall cake was wonderful, but a 13x9x2 inch pan was too small. I suggest using two pans instead of the one. I also lost all of the apples when I turned out the cake, I allowed the cake to cool slightly, about 5 - 10 minutes, and they still stuck to the bottom of the pan.
This is an excellent cake but you have to really like molasses. There is a problem with the way the recipes reads, 1) it listes yogurt but then asks for the sour cream to be added. I added 1 c. each 2)It asks for eggs to be whisked in but doesn't list them. I used 3 large eggs. I baked for the min. time and it was moist beyond compare. Also tastes better at room temp. than lukewarm. A cinnamon icing (but not too sweet) would also complement this.The original Persian Halva recipe is: Brown the flour in pan until golden brown. Then add oil to form it into a paste. In a pot make water/sugar syrup (1 cup ea) and add saffron (a pinch), rose water (few drops). When flour is ready, add the syrup mixture and mix until Halva is departing from the side of the pan.
halvah can be made of different ingredients. for example my absolute favourite is made of peanuts, it's far much better than these that are made of sesame seeds.
halvah can be made of different ingredients. for example my absolute favourite is made of peanuts, it's far much better than these that are made of sesame seeds.
wait a minute...where i come from, halvah is a sesame seed candy. where are the sesame seeds in this recipe? guess i'll be buying ready-made halvah instead...
It is sooooo delicious. You should try it! Yum!!!Tasty and good texture. We enjoyed it more spiced up with the jalepenos.
This was too salty and not satisfying.
I'll admit that I've loved this ever since I saw it published and tried it the same lazy Sunday afternoon. It's become a staple of mine since I usually have all the ingredients on hand anyway and it's so good. I always futz with the recipe and add more ham and cayenne, and I've been using colby-jack for the cheddar. But it's still as good as the original.
I give this horrible dish a one only for the fact it at least caught my eye and attention. After that it stunk I'm with the Nevada City, CA review. Somethings wrong with the directions.
This is a great and tasty alternative side dish (instead of the standard boiled grits). I tried it...used all ingredients exactly as given...ate it with enjoyment...and shared the recipe with others.
You have to really love grits to enjoy this dish. My boyfriend is from the South, and he thoroughly enjoyed it. I thought it tasted a little bland.
I cannot rate this recipe since I think it contains an error. I made it, as per the recipe, with 1 cup instant grits and 1-1/4 cups water. That's about one-fourth the amount of moisture needed. It came out dry and inedible. The instant grits box calls for four cups liquid for one cup grits.After searching most of the vinaigrette dressing recipes on this site, I ended up using this vinaigrette (with a little extra olive oil) on a simple spring green mix. The bitter greens matched the horseradish quite nicely. I'm not sure about the salad, but the dressing is a keeper.Just made the biscuits. Did not do the brown sugar part. I did follow another reviewers suggestion to add a pinch of sugar to the dry ingredients. While a very simple recipe to make, these are very, very bland or flavorless.
I accidentally added the brown sugar to the dough instead of on top, and I thought the biscuits were great. Tiny but delicious with the sweet/savory combo of biscuit, ham and whole grain mustard.
These are easy to make and kids enjoy the small size. Definitely a nice change from the usual ham sandwich.
This was incredibly easy to make. Next time I will have the dough slightly thicker for taller biscuits and make a double batch. I didn't do the broiling and brown sugar, either, but served them with Virginia ham and cranberry honey mustard. Delicious!
All I did was make the biscuits to serve with dinner, not as sandwiches, and this was a simple recipe that came up in my search. The preparation was fast, but my husband said they "needed something", and from the other review, I guess that would be a pinch of sugar in the dough. However, I did not get as many biscuits as I should have. Otherwise they were tasty, and I would make them again (with a pinch of sugar!)
This was a wonderfully easy dough to work with and it produces light and flakey biscuits. I dispensed with the brown sugar and broiling. Instead, I served them with grainy mustards and horseradish at a buffet. They freeze beautifully and could be made ahead for a party.
Not bad, although the next time I think I'll make the biscuits a bit sweet. Overall, there's a nice sweet/salt combination, and it's great comfort food. It gave me the same feeling as that old standby: Grilled cheese sandwich and Tomato soup. :-)I used fresh ham. Cooked it for to 160 degrees in a 325 oven - than proceeded with recipe. It was very good - but I'd recommend fresh ham, much juicer.
Very good recipe. I added some onion and portabella mushroom which gave the sauce some depth. Next time I won't add salt to the sauce, the ham was salty enough!
I love ham and I love spinach, so I was ready to love this dish. Both my husband and I found it boring.
This recipe was so simple I wasn't sure it would have much flavor, but it was actually very tasty. I added a little Monterey Jack to the spinach.
A quick, tasty weekday meal, once the spinach is thawed.
I would highly recommend that the ham used is already glazed and seasoned. Just the spinach and ham with no extra preperation could be boring.Delicious and pretty--I made for a wedding shower, and they were a hit. One tip--you don't need to butter them--the seeds will adhere to the filling.
A tasty addition to an English tea menu I prepared. As one of a selection of four, it nicely complimented curried eggsalad, smoked salmon, and cucumber sandwiches. I wouldn't make this as the only sandwich to be served
This was terrible. Sandwiches looked cute, but tasted bland. I used an excellent quality ingredients (e.g. I nice smokey ham) but they were still boring.OK - interesting combo of ingredients & flavors that meld together nicely, but did not wow me.
I made the lemon relish and harissa onions to go with hot dogs. I wish Id added the hummus too but it was good anyway. I think a little of the lemon relish goes a long way since its so salty so we had enough left over to serve later in the week with harissa marinated sirlion tips.
This was a wonderful, more like a dipping sauce, or dressing, not a relish. Also, used it for a marinate for grilled chicken.
Confessedly, I didn't serve this relish and onion/harissa combo with hot dogs (did burgers and sausages instead), but the preserved lemon relish was such a huge hit that my friends are begging me to make it again. The tang, salt, and herbiness went together beautifully. We ended up using leftovers on eggs, in salads, and truth-be-told I caught my husband eating it by the spoonful out of the fridge.I checked this out just to refresh my memory..As it is such an old standby. I see there are no new recipes entered either...so, I would add more corn starch (even better ... arrow root) and use balsalmic vinegar. Just forget the sugar or maybe add turbino if you've got it around..Maple syrup anything but plain old white sugar. Two Tablespoons is way too much anyway. Used twice the amount butter and fresh black pepper and fresh nutmeg.....Cooked over the stove to check consisitency and have better control, I didn't use the micro wave. Also, if the beets ( I dice mine, the old fashioned way)are cooked just perfect and you achieve that certain twang of piquant zesty remembered flavor.. This side attraction can be a sure winner. Not just a so so dish....
I grew up with these beets. It's sweet/sour, maybe a little too sweet, but delicious.
i thought this dish was excellent, i've added blackberry's and tuna, 2 cups, and it has an unusual taste to it...mmmmmmmmmmm
The recipe does not have enough cornstarch to make it thicken. I did not care for the flavor. I recommend trying Balsamic-Glazed Beets.These were messy but delicious. I'm not sure that complaining about their unwillingness to hold together is fair, since that's kind of the nature of hash browns generally. I like that the simple method allows the great flavor of the sweet potatoes to show through. I'd definitely make this one again!
these were a disaster. the "cook's note" should should not be an excuse for a poorly written recipe. i should have known that sweet potatoes do not have the starch and moisture proportion for this technique. i ended up deep frying the remaining shredded potatoes until they were crispy, which were a nice change and decorative on the plate.
I made this with orange sweet potatoes and it turned out great. Serve with something very lively it is pretty plain (but quite tasty).Nothing special.
Heavenly!!!
Great "new" way to do baked potatos. Was serving a fish entree that had a complex sauce and wanted simpler sides. I did use less butter and only topped with grated parmesan.
I added parmesan to the breadcrumbs, and they turned out great! Hint: really make sure you get the butter and salt in between each section, otherwise they fuse together! This also helps to flavour the entire potato.
This recipe is similar to one in Gourmet in the mid 90's where the potatoes were prepared the same but braised in chicken stock and butter. I took enough sliver off so the potato was flat on the board ene to end. Then used bamboo skewers 1/8" dia. Also I used buttered fresh breadcrumbs. Delicious!!
An older version of this recipe that I have used includes placing the potatoe on a large spoon to facilitate the cuts. Fresh grated parm or similar cheese is used to top the potatoe. Simple, and with a few fresh herbs added at the end, a good side for roasted meats or fish.
Easy to prepare but very boring. Needed extra baking time and less time under the broiler. The presentation was nice, however.
This recipe was easy, but not very interesting. I needed a longer cook time to get my potatoes soft and a shorter broil time to keep my bread crumbs from burning. I would add more bread crumbs next time because the add much of the texture and the flavor to the potatoes (the crumbs do a better job absorbing the butter than the potatoes do). One nice thing about the recipe is that it's easy to make for any number of people without too much mental mathematics.I thought the filling was quite tasty but the bottom layer of pastry didn't raise at all and was quite chewy......not good. Also, be sure to crimp the pastry layers securely or the filling will ooze out all over the pan......not good. Will give up on trying to make this again.
To quote Janice from Friends, "OH MY GOD!" This was an easy recipe. I served it room temperature and it was good, but 10 seconds in the microvave for a slice made it even better. My company came back for thirds! I reccomend a scoop of high quality ice cream (Haagen Daaz) to go along with a warm piece of this. Also you may want to decorate by drizling with melted chocolate. Excellent recipe. Will make again and again.
The recipe said it makes only 8 servings and I needed more so I made individual ones instead of one large one. I rolled out the puff pastry sheets to get more from each one. I ended up using 3 boxes of puff pastry (6 sheets)and made 37 individual pastries (2.5 inches each). I only cooked them for 12-14 minutes. They turned out very good and were gone instantly. If you've ever had Nutella - that is what the filling tastes like - yum.
This dish is very simple to make and there is little room for errors. It tastes good but its not extraordinary. If you want something simple, quick, and pretty tasty, then try it out.
Pithiviers is a tiny village in the ile de France (area surounding Paris) noted for its almond cakes and use of Saffron. Its a shame that this recipie doesn't include the original intent and perhaps offer the Haxelnut and Chocolate as a variation.This dough IS very sticky. I had better luck separating it into about four, actually creating the logs between my hands in the air (vs rolling on parchment or another surface) and then once on the cookie sheet, patting VERY quickly to flatten a bit. I sure agree: tips from the recipe developer would have been much useful.
They're still cooling, but I have to write that the dough was FAR too sticky and wet to make a log - this recipe needs some refining as to that point. Also, I am really surprised by the nasty tone of some of the comments. I think they're unnecessary.
These biscotti would work for Christmas morning with tea or coffee, but not as a sweet cookie. Two rolls result in large biscotti. I didn't taste the lemon at all. I most likely will not make again.
These simple biscotti style cookies are perfect with a cup of coffee or a glass of milk. The recipe was fairly easy. My only difficulty was forming the logs on the floured surface as the dough was sticky. I ended up forming them directly on the parchment (I used wax paper) lined cookie sheet. This worked well, and the final cookies were wonderfully crisp but not too crumbly. Mine turned out to be about 5 inches long, just like the one's sold for $1.50 at a nearby coffee shop, only of course these tasted better.
to Donna Weinberg: I haven't made these, but the method and ingredients are similar to those of biscotti, so they're probably relatively dry and crunchy. I'll leave it to you to decide if that's what you have in mind for the holidays, and whether or not its worth your time.
Okay, we've determined that the original recipe left out the hazelnuts. Can anyone tell me if the cookies are worth the time and effort to make? I'm looking for good Christmas Cookie recipes!
To the cook from seattle and the cook on 02/05; It happens from time to time on this site when recipes are printed an ingredient is accidently left out, or what to do with an ingredient mentioned is inadvertently omitted. Once it is noticed, the recipe is changed to make sense. This is obviously what happened here. So "hello" no one is blind, but you're both snarky. Shame on you.
are you people blind? in #3: "Then quickly and thoroughly mix in the hazelnuts." it's 1 cup.
hello? did you read the recipe? 1 cup of hazelnuts...
Again, where are the hazelnuts? A received a big bag of the nuts from my father-in-law and found this special section, with a cookie recipe to boot...but no nuts in the recipe!
Where are the hazelnuts in the recipe???I'm curious that no one noticed the error in the ingredients list and instructions - it called for 1/3 cup sugar in the ingredients list, but 2/3 cup in the instructions. I ended up using 2/3 cup because of consistency not being right. But the cake didn't work out any way. So I wouldn't try this again.
I read all the negative reviews, and thought I'd be brave and still give it a try for Easter this year. I'm sorry to say, it was a disappointment. The cake itself I think is what ruins it -- like others have said, it's very bland and dry. Mine rose well, so I thought it would be delish, but alas, it wasn't. I was also sure to toast the hazelnuts to maximize their flavor, but it really didn't do much good. The ganache itself was pretty yummy, but the middle part with the strawberries definitely did not turn out as pictured. My guests liked it, but I wasn't impressed. There are so many good recipes out there in the world, I don't think I'll waste my time with this one again.
The second time I made this I whipped the egg whites separately and it turned out much better...the next time I made it (for a party I catered) the cake turned out HORRIBLE-my customers said it tasted like sawdust or stale wheat bread...don't make this on a rainy humid day-I think it soured. It looks so pretty in the picture, I'll keep trying, but don't bank on this one!
I was hesitant to try this receipe from all the negative feedback, but it looked so beautiful I went ahead. Everything went perfect and it was easy. I used Hazelnut Meal instead of grinding the hazelnuts myself and cake rose beautifully. Everyone raved about it at Easter and it looked gorgeous on the dessert table!
Looks great, but doesn't deliver...the cake was brick-heavy (next time I will whip the egg whites separately before adding them), the strawberry layer makes it fall apart unless you use a lot of granache (I doubled that part of the recipe to have lots for garnish)...I took it to a party and all the chocoholics loved it, but...
Where did you get that picture epicurious.com it certainly was not what I made. I should have taken the advise of the other reviews and not make this. Whatever you do do not waste your time with this one. The cake was like rubber. The ganache like soup. And the recipe should have called for more stawberries. It sounded good on paper but not what I was expecting. yuk
This cake was a lot of work and it didn't look anything like the photograph. First the hazelnut cake was tough and didn't have that marvelous nutty flavor. Perhaps I overprocessed them? Second the ganache was a hassle. I kept the ganache in the refridgerator for more than two hours as it was warm out. While it pulled the cake because it was too cold, it quickly turned drippy and messy once it had that "pudding" consistency. So I had to refridgerate the cake to stop the drippiness. Forget the crushed nut garnish on the outside. Third the strawberries which tasted very good caused the chocolate to lighten into a cocoa color. All in all, you could certainly use these ingredients to prepare a better dessert with less work.
It turned out all right for me, although I changed a few things, using frozen strawberries instead of fresh, but I thawed them first. It actually tasted ten times better if you serve it with a lot of strawberries on top.
I wouldn't make this again. Lots of work, the cake was tough, it looked better than it tasted.
Made this as a birthday cake for my wife; it was very good but imbalanced: while the chocolate and strawberries were terrific, the torte itself was slightly tough and the hazelnut flavor didn't come through very strongly. Could this have been because I ground the nuts a couple of seconds too long, bringing out more oil than I should have? Anyone else have this problem? Perhaps Frangelico in the ganache would help? PS: prepare to let the ganache chill longer than 1.5 hrs, especially on a hot day; it's easier to frost the sides when it's firmer than "pudding."
I MADE THIS FOR 4TH JULY. TASTED GREAT-HOWEVER THE CAKE WAS VERY THIN-COULD ONLY MAKE TWO LAYERS. I HAD LOTS OF GANACHE LEFT OVER. wILL MAKE AGAIN.
I also made this for Easter and thought I made a mistake because it was so bland. I ended up throwing out over 1/3 of it. I even bought the pan specified because I didn't have one with the exact measurements. I had good ingredients so I guess I'll try it again at some point, but I was really disappointed. It even looked like the picture.
Made this dessert for Easter and it turned out great. I used Callebaut bittersweet chocolate for the ganache and it was delicious. My family really enjoyed it. I would definitely make it again.
This was a very easy and elegant dessert to serve. It is also light and not sticky-sweet, and the hazelnuts, chocolate, and stawberries make for a very fine combination. After several messy tries at decorating as the recipe had dictated, I gave up on that and instead dipped 8 whole strawberries in chocolate and placed them atop the cake, which I had spinkled with leftover chopped hazelnuts, and also put one dipped strawberry in the middle. It made for a perfectly lovely presentation.wow delishI make this or a variation every summer. I added about a tablespoon of lemon zest to the oil while cooking, then poured it over heirloom tomatoes we grew. It was simple and delicious.
Adding a little fresh basil or cilantro really improves this otherwise bland dish. I agree there really is a difference in the taste of heirloom, home grown tomatoes!I honestly don't know why it's necessary to core high-quality tomatoes in such a salad. Why waste any of these, often pricey, ingredients?Eek. This recipe looked pretty simple and tasty, but it actually took ages and was quite bland. I also couldn't get celery leaves and just increased other leaves a little bit each. In the end my 'jam' really tasteless and had a stringy-spinach consistency. I ended up fiddling with lots of seasonings and spices to give it some taste, and I pureed it to make it more spreadable. The end result was okay but I wouldn't make it again.
I've never tried anything like this before -- it's one of those recipes where the end result seems much greater than the sum of its parts. I couldn't find celery leaves, so I just mixed in extra cilantro and parsley. But the sweet smoked paprika (pimenton de vera) is a must! I had trouble finding it, but ending up getting some from Dean & Deluca. Definitely serve with the Small Semolina Griddle Breads that the recipe links to.I read what another reviewer said about using organic cottage cheese and so I bought Nancy's. Big mistake! Nancy's is sour. I've never had sour cottage cheese before. Didn't know it existed. The result was inedible. But even if I had the right kind of cottage cheese, I think this recipe would have been very mediocre.
I think the type of cottage cheese used makes a huge difference. Cottage cheese with varied curd sizes provides a better texture and more flavor. Surprisingly, Alberson's grocery stores house brand is pretty decent. Otherwise I suggest using organic brands rather than traditional cottage cheese with uniform curds.
Don't add the water and add purple onion as suggested by wise chef below. Then substitute cream cheese for cottage cheese. You now have a completely different recipe. But at least you can eat it. This one is awful.
This is alright. It doesn't taste teriffic, but it's a healthy addition to bread or crackers because of its protein content.
This wasn't the greatest but it wasn't too bad either. Did not add the water but did add some minced purple onion. I bought some really great, dense German bread at the deli and topped it with the spread and a tomato slice. For low-fat it'll do!
wonderfully healthy and flovorful. Plan to try with other herbs. Think it would adapt well too with fruit and spice as a sweet breakfast treat or dessert.My husband and I liked this recipe for the bright,fresh lemony taste. I served it with grilled salmon. A great go-together dish.
Very tasteless. Deffinetely better couscous recipes out there.
This was a wonderful side dish to a spicy pork dish. It had a light lemon flavor, so I added a bit more lemon juice than was called for (not sure exactly how much though!) We will definately make this dish again!
A very pleasant and easy way to make couscous. It's bright lemon flavour helped to offset the sweetness of the moroccan chicken dish I served with it. This was an excellent buffet dish as well.This dip is colorful, fresh and delicious. People don't have to know that it is also very healthy. Served with crackers, it is a nice alternative to chips and salsa. It is also great as part of a sandwich wrap.
Absolutely delicious with the preparation tips! Great party food for everyone on my list. It covers the vegetarians, the carb counters (serve veggie sticks with it, too), the Heart-smart, and the just plain picky!
I cook a lot and cater too, and I think this is a PERFECT recipe! It is fresh-tasting and flavorful and very healthy. I get tons of compliments on it. Use these tips, though: Use greek-style yogurt (or strain plain yogurt through 3 coffee filters overnight)because it's thicker. I chop my cooked eggplant and before I put it in the bowl, I put it in a cloth and gently squeeze it to remove excess liquid. The flavor and texture will then be much better. Also, don't skimp on the salt and pepper. This dish is even better the next day, served as a dip with whole wheat pita chips.
It sounded so good that I decided to try it in spite of the disappointing reviews, but it was bland.
Cut back on the acidic liquids but add the zest of one lemon.
Too bad I wasted three gorgeous (organic!) eggplants on this recipe. Did someone actually test this recipe??? The flavor was too acidic--the wine vinegar and lemon dominated the eggplant rather than complementing it. I wouldn't make this one again.
I would only make this again if I had lots of eggplant that I couldn't figure out how to use. It was OK, but far more effort to make than it was worth.
I read the conflicting reviews & thought it was worth a try. The smokey flavor is a definite plus. I omitted the yogurt and just mixed the ingredients, skipping the blender altogether as I was cutting it down by about half (and I'm lazy!). Looked nice on a bed of salad leaves.
This recipe tasted terrible and it looked awful.
This was a great appetizer. I would probably not use as much red wine vinegar because it made it a little too sharp. I would definately make this again.
This dish is excedingly tasty & very similar to a dish my mother brought to the US from europe.Very good side for our fish recipe. I used 1/4 cup of orzo with 1T butter, the toasted pine nuts 2 wedges of lemon juice, 3T coriander and no mint. I also added 1 pressed garlic clove and about 1 ounce parmesan.
Very good side for our fish recipe. I used 1/4 cup of orzo with 1T butter, the toasted pine nuts 2 wedges of lemon juice, 3T coriander and no mint. I also added 1 pressed garlic clove and about 1 ounce parmesan.
Very good side for our fish recipe. I used 1/4 cup of orzo with 1T butter, the toasted pine nuts 2 wedges of lemon juice, 3T coriander and no mint. I also added 1 pressed garlic clove and about 1 ounce parmesan.
Very good side for our fish recipe. I used 1/4 cup of orzo with 1T butter, the toasted pine nuts 2 wedges of lemon juice, 3T coriander and no mint. I also added 1 pressed garlic clove and about 1 ounce parmesan.
2 1/2 forks would be perfect. I tweaked the recipe based on reviews and it was a great side dish for our fish dinner. I made this recipe for 2 using 1/4 cup orzo; 1T butter; 2 lemon wedges; about 1 oz parm; 1 pressed garlic clove; the toasted pine nuts and coriander. Quick and simple.
This is a good, basic recipe. Quick and easy. Very forgiving if you're missing an ingredient or want to add something you've got on hand. I like it with olive oil, feta and mint. I skipped the coriander (cilantro) because I didn't have any.
Since there was just the two of us, I halved the orzo but put the same amount of herbs in and a good splash of lemon juice. It didn't need the butter. It was delicious.
This was flavorless and a disappointment.
This wasn't worth the time it took to make. No flavor and way too greasy. Blech.
This is a great dish with rack of lamb which I have used many times. I use 4 TBLs of mint(instead of 3) and add a little fresh grated parmesan cheese to the dish. Add roasted carrots as well and you get a very colorful plate.
This was not very good - lacked taste.
A tasty side dish. We found half of this recipe to be plenty for four adults.
One thing to commend this recipe is that it can be made in less than 10 minutes! The combination of flavors is wonderful. I did add one clove of garlic (through a garlic press) and only used mint instead of coriander. The addition of the garlic made all the differenceMy Dad recently had a heart attack so I was looking for low-fat recipes for a family dinner. This one was great and everyone raved about how fresh tasting it was!
Dill *and* cilantro worked for me =) We love it
I'm sorry folks, but I thought this was AWFUL. I've never been disappointed in a recipe from this site until now..... I would say that the combination of the potatoes, peas, carrrots, etc. was good, but the choice of herbs for the dressing was not. If I made it again, I would use dill and/or tarragon instead of cilantro. It might be worth trying again that way....I don't want to give up too easily!
Although a couple of people at a Memorial Day function asked for the recipe, but I had to really doctor it up. I recommend adding onion and garlic, and extra lemon juice. I added garlic and extra lemon juice and extra cider vinegar (but we were on a boat and ran out--could have used more...).
Very nice indeed. You can try another variation of the potato-salad (Cypriot style). Boil and peel potatoes. Cut into small pieces (the size of a wallnut). Chop green onions on top.Dress with virgin olive oil and wine vinegar (lemon juice will do as well). Finally decorate with fresh or dried mint leaves. We usually accompany this light summer dish with a can of tuna or sardines.This recipe yielded very tender tasty dumplings. I substituted Greek Yogurt for the creme fraiche and omitted the parsley and chives. I'd never used a spaetzle maker before and found it very useful in making the dumplings very small.ah herring!As someone previously wrote this sorbet doesn't freeze. Of course - too much sugar for that amount of water. The recipe calls for 2 cups of water + 1 cup of sugar and then it says that you end up with a quart!!! Water expands with freezing but NOT that much. So the amount of water is wrong. Put more. Look into other sorbet recipes - usually 3/4 cup sugar for approx 3 cups of liquid
Very refreshing. Just the right balance of sweet and tart. A great variation on agua de jamaica.
I used a professional ice cream maker and the consistency came out great. I did not like the amount of sweetness--If I ever make it again, I will recude the sugar to 3/4 cup or less.
I used a professional ice cream maker and the consistency came out great. I did not like the amount of sweetness--If I ever make it again, I will recude the sugar to 3/4 cup or less.
I don't know why, but my sorbet would not freeze. I thought that is was the ice cream maker, but it works fine. Even sitting in the freezer, the sorbet never really hardened.After a few additions, I got what I was looking for. I added a touch of cornstarch to thicken the mixture. I also added some brown sugar and some mint. The carrots had a nice glaze and a sweet, fresh flavor. Thank you to the cook who suggested adding mint. Great idea!
These were pretty good -- a nice way to fancy-up carrots for dinner.
I cut back on the lemon juice to just a squeeze. Thought they were delicious.
I suggest 1 tsp instead of tablespoon of lemon juice, or maybe 1 + 1/2.
This recipe is better with a few modifications. Steam carrots as usual or in a covered bowl in microwave w/butter. After carrots have steamed place in single layer on baking sheet and drizzle with honey, then sprinkle brown sugar on top. Bake at 350 until brown sugar has carmelized -- about 10 mins. Very good!
My husband and I liked this very much. I took the liberty of adding some mint and some fresh ground pepper. Big hit in my house.
Couldn't get this "glaze" to work. Not very inspiring.
What a waste. You're better off just steaming some baby carrots and adding a little thyme and butter for seasoning.
i could taste more lemon than honey. Mine also never formed a glaze.
This is a real no brainer, its so easy and so yummy!
I was disappointed in this recipe. The carrots were not really glazed, they were simply seasoned with a slight touch of honey and lemon juice. Not what I was looking for.
The best honey carrots I have tried! I have used many recipes before with honey and sugar and this was by far the best! Slightly sweet and easy to prepare. I added a touch of parsley for color!
What I like about this dish is that it allows itself to maintain its "support" role in the dinner (i.e. not take over the main event) but still enhance the usual.
This is more like a "wash" than a "glaze." I think of a glaze as being sticky and coating the food, not just washing over it. Even after adding more honey, it was thin and uninspiring.
I just found it to be very average.
Carrots are not that exciting, but my guests raved about this treatment of them.
This recipe is very close to the amish style. I found that living alone, this was easy to fix.
I am always looking for difference recipes and this one fit the bill. Easy with nice flavour.This sounded really good, but it ended up tasting really bad. It seemed to actually suck out the natural sweetness of the carrots.
I like this recipe on beets as well as carrots. We have a big garden so I like things that use a lot of vegetables
There are better carrot recipes in the world than this one. Not a keeper for me.
Not bad for a change, but I'd recommend either more honey or less mustard.
I thought this recipe was awful. The Dijon made the carrots bitter.
Easy to do and tasty but could use a little more zing. We'll experiment next time with chili powder or country dijon mustard.
This is a wonderful to makes these vegetables-and they're kid-friendly, too!Followed the recipe to a tee and to my surprise it actually came out perfectly and will archive this as one of my favorite sauce. It goes great with chicken, potato and veggies. Thumbs up for this one.
This is the first recipe I've used from Epicurious that I absolutely detested. The word "YUCK" describes my rating and I followed the recipe exactly. Definitely won't be using this one again!
My husband LOVES honey-mustard sauce, however, up until I met this recipe, I had NOT been a fan. But I found this recipe edible to say the least! My husband was thrilled with it and now thinks previous honey-mustard sauces pale in comparison. We had it with simple baked chicken breasts and roast veggies. (I didn't have clam juice, so just used some chicken stock instead and it was still great...will definitely make this one again!)
We doubled the recipe and had it with apple and raisin stuffed pork chops. It came out great. We all enjoyed, it even passed the ten year old daughter test! The remaining sauce went just as well over ham steaks for breakfast the next morning. I think next time we'll try a stronger mustard.I with you Mr. Rowlett -- more tedious than it is worth - thogh they are tasty. Don't worry about a Patronizing Cook from Berkeley -- those folks always assume we Texans need a good learnin' from the likes of them and their Euro lovin' ways!
Yes i know what Bisquits are called in a lot of places thank you for calling that to my attention, i probably would never got through culinary school without that bit of info. Just trying to keep it light, dont be so serious have some fun. Make some bisquits!!
These were quite and I would probably make again. To the previous reviewer: Biscuit is synonymous with cookie in many places, most notably the UK.
These were quite tasty and will probably make again. To the last reviewer: Biscuit is synonymous with cookie in many places. Most notably the UK.
Well Ian, i just made these "biscuits" and i have to tell you honestly it was just more tedious to make these than i care to do again. They are good with coffee,and the Gin Syrup was good (may try it on some bread pudding) and the kids really liked them(without the Gin sauce)but all in all it was just an OK recipe. Down South here we call these cookies, and a biscuit is served hot with butter and jam or with a good covering of sausage gravy. This is just an opinion of an ol country cook.I've already done this. :( The orange flower water is something new to try, though! Some things this is good on: strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, blackberries, all other berries that exist on the face of the earth, apples, on a spoon, on granola, chili, Indian cuisine, and anything else you can think of! Enjoy!
I couldn't find any "Greek yogurt" or any special orange flower water anywhere. Instead, I substituted the Greek yogurt with Yoplait vanilla yogurt and swirled in honey. All things considered, it tasted pretty good. I think the next time I try this recipe, I'm going to try some Yoplait orange creamsicle and swirl in the honey. Although, I prefer to just eat yogurt sans honey, It should be delicious!I don't see an amt for the cantaloupe. Is it the same amt as for the honey dew? That would make the most sense. I haven't yet made it, but am looking forward to doing so.
I made this recipe almost exactly as stated. For the canteloupe I used half Port and half Cointreau. I only could get Midori in a $16 bottle and I do not think it was really worth the investment. Apricot brandy or whatever else you have that is fruit flavored and light colored, would have been just fine. The trouble with the recipe is the texture and the taste. There is not enough sugar and the melons give a wierd texture. Presentation-wise it was wonderful. I ended up chlling the two gelatines at least a half an hour before layering, holding the bowls in my lap in an ice bath while stirring constantly. Between layers 15 minutes in the fridge was fine. I would use the layering concept again but I would choose different flavors, maybe lemon and blueberry.
I made the canteloupe mousse with blueberry port and the honeydew mousse with muscat. I didn't use the ice bath. Instead, I put the melon, lemon juice, and sugar in the processor bowl then refridgerated it while prepping the gelatin. It came out quite lovely, except the yogurt didn't disperse nicely - left little lumps. No one noticed. It's delicious!
This was a light and refreshing fruit dessert. I only made the honeydew mousse however, and I chilled the fruit first, prior to pureeing it, which made it frothy w/o the need of an ice water bath. Also, I used water infused w/ mint rather than Midori(didn't have any), but I'll try that next time. Ymmmm!I'd like to give this another go and try to make it a wee bit moister.
OH WOW! wonderful flavor. I served it with honey butter. We were all very impressed.
Don't bother,this is dry,the thyme and the chestnuts are wasted,can't taste either one.This is one of my favorite summer salads! I take it to at least one gathering every summer and people love it. Once I made it for New Year's Day for luck. I was so surprised to read some of the reviews that I had to enter my own. I always use canned peas for a shortcut, but I can't imagine that making a difference! Delicious!
Looks like those folks in CA don't much care for peas and rice :) Very popular dish with my Canadian (the other CA) friends. I'm making it yet again, by request, this weekend. Albeit, they like canned peas which have a firmer texture.
This is the WORST version of Hoppin John Salad I have ever tried! Someone please post an alternative recipe!
Had originally gotten this from magazine subscription. Have made this several times. Particularly good with smoked bar-b-que pork. Entered in a "Cook Off/Show Off" contest at work. Was extremely well received. Many requests for receipe.
This is by far the best dish we served at our Class Barbeque! All enjoyed it!
YUCK! I thought that this recipe sounded interedting...but it was terrible!! It had a very strange flavor that my family found unpleasent. A big waste of time!I took others' advice and made this salmon with the beet sauce with the pan-seared seabass recipe elsewhere on this site. My comments on that sauce are found on that recipe, but note that I reduced the water by 2/3, which made an incredible difference and a thicker, sweeter, more substantial sauce. For this salmon, I recommend sticking with the recipe's panko rather than regular breadcrumbs. Panko is lighter and results in a flakier crust. The horseradish-panko mixture is perfectly tart in contrast to the sweetness of the roasted beets with balsamic vinegar. I served the salmon over a bed of couscous and sauteed spinach, and every plate was clean!
After reading this recipe and noting that the 'sauce' is a broth I took the first reviewers advise and used the Beet Sauce from the Pan-Seared Sea Bass W/Beet Sauce, etc.(Gourmet 9/99). The Salmon with the Panko and horseradish is great and the carrots and brussel sprouts aren't bad but in general the sauce was bland inspite of using chicken broth for the water and the combinations just didn't work. Beet Sauce/Beet Broth will not be tried in this household again.
My experience was not up to par with other reviewers. I used regular breadcrumbs; otherwise followed the recipe carefully. We usually love eclectic flavor combinations, but this one just didn't impress. Beet broth was weak; horseradish bitterness didn't enhance the salmon.
We (husband and 2 adult children loved it. I like it because I can make it ahead and assemble at last minute. I'm making it again for a dinner party because one of the women will not eat meat, only seafood. Wish you would include an alternative for special breadcrumbs or tell why this particular type should be used. I just used regular unseasoned breadcrumbs and it worked fine. What did I miss?
This was amazing...instead of the beet broth, I served the fish over the beet sauce and sauteed beet greens from the Pan Seared Sea Bass with beet sauce and beet greens recipe on this same page. It looked absolutely beautiful, and the sweetness of the beets was a great contrast to the hoseradish. I will make this again, and again, and again!I like that this recipe is easy to prepare, but I didn't like the overwhelming flavor of butter. My solution was to substitute the 1/2 cup of butter with 1/4 cup of butter and 1/4 cup heavy cream. I like the flavor and texture better this way and it is a big hit with my friends and family.
I feel the need to defend this recipe. I have not tried the other hot fudge recipes, but as I like the texture of chewy hot fudge when it hits the cold ice cream, this is a great recipe. I agree that maybe using half bittersweet, half semi-sweet might be a better balance. This recipe is simple and quick, with ingredients easily on hand. I love it, and so do my sons!
The corn syrup overpowered the taste and made it sickly sweet. My husband said it had a "fake" smooth texture, again, because of the corn syrup. My kids, who will eat anything sweet, said it was good, but for the adults it didn't fit the bill as a good, fudgey, natural tasting sauce.
This sauce is super easy and quick to prepare. It gets very chewy as it cools on ice cream. I liked it, my husband who is a chocolate lover really like it.VERY IMPORTANT! The ingredient list was improperly transcribed from the magazine. They omitted 3/4 c. heavy cream. You add this at the same step as the milk (as noted in the directions). If you omit the cream, it won't become a sauce (per the Cook from Seattle's complaint). Do make this recipe, but make sure you add the heavy cream!!!
This recipe was awful. It doesn't make a hot fudge sauce. It makes a goopy chocolate mess. I should have read the recipe more carefully. When it tells you to add the cream, but there isn't any cream in the ingredient list, you know there's a problem somewhere. I trusted the 4 fork rating. Big mistake. Find a different recipe!
This was very easy (took about 10 minutes total) and so delicious. It tastes like an artisanal chocolate sauce that you'd spend a lot of money on. Just FYI, it only took a few (3?) minutes for the sugars to reach 265 degrees- definitely not 8-10 as the recipe states. Make sure to watch the candy thermometer!I think this is a great recipe! It has simplified Eggs Benedict for me (which I love!) by taking out all the stress of the Hollandaise Sauce which can be tricky. This sauce is very easy and has a nice consistency to go with the other parts of the dish. It can be changed according to the flavor of cheese you decide to use. I have brought this to different brunches and people think I really went all out but it is really very simple to put together and very attractive when they are all layed out in a pretty casserole dish.
Try these changes, the recipe was adapted for a simple cooking column. Use James Beard's recipe for homemade biscuits instead of an English muffin. For the cheese, use a dry white Canadian Cheddar or a Tilamook Cheddar from Oregon. Feel free to use a low fat or non fat milk too. For some zip, try a hit of a pepper sauce; or (in my mind even better) you can put in some freshly chopped tarragon and parsley. You can also try smoked salmon instead of the Canadian bacon. E. Faris
The sauce needs more of a kick.
The cheese sauce is ho-hum. I added a little sour cream to it, it helped. However, if you are going to pump the calories into the body first thing in the morning, it should be well worth it. It wasn't.x
Im sorry to say that this recipe is a bad imitation of the real, traditional one made in Mexico. Its missing a lot of ingredients and some of the ingredients listed shouldnt be used. If you look up huevos rancheros in epicurious you should take a look at the more recent recipe. But even this recipe doesnt get close. I have a recipe, but its in spanish.
This cook liked it better than the other diners. People don't seem to like anything out-of-the-ordinary for breakfast. Maybe better for a brunch than first thing in the morning? The recipe was easy, tasty. A lot depends on the aulity of the sauce; maybe next time I'd serve it milder, with more fresh add-ins like sauteed bits of onion, peppers.
Bottled salsa? C'mon ... You gotta be kidding. Take a little time and make it right: saute some onions and garlic, add a few crushed roasted red chilis and crushed tomatos, salt and pepper, a little fresh cilantro, and perhaps a touch of red wine left over from the night before. Simmer it for 20 minutes or so. Now you've got some good eatin'!
I always wondered what huevos rancheros was. Now I know! But my boyfriend loves it. I make it frequently cuz we have a load of corn tortillas and I'm trying to figure out how to get rid of them. His mother bought those instead of the flour ones. But do try this recipe.
The recipe is good - but to make it even better, just add 1 Tablespoon refried beans, then the eggs, and top with enchilada sauce!!
i really liked this recipe, it was very easy and turned out beautifully!! i made my own flour torillas..which was really tasty, i used this web site's flour tortilla recipe which was also really simple.This is a great consistency hummus, but I definitely cut the oil by over half. I also doubled the garlic, but that's just me, and I've tried it with pesto added as well. Perfect really for lunches!
I thought this recipe was fantastic. It's so simple and comes out wayyy better than what you can find in a store. I added extra salt which brought out the more subtle flavors of sugar and cumin. This will be a staple snack in our fridge from now on!
I think this is the start of a fairly decent receipe, but it has to have tahini added.. that is must in hummas. Hummas is a nice appetizer, and it needs to have lemon and parsley added with olive oil,,,, and then add your eggplant, red pepper, etc. for flavors!
It was a nice, but not stellar hummus. I think that it's a good enough base to add roasted red peppers, tahini, eggplant, etc... to your own taste.
Hummus is new to me, so perhaps I am not the best judge of what makes for a great tasting hummus. I doubled the garlic and used a 1/4 teaspoon salt. I wouldn't go so far as to say this recipe was bland, but it didn't ignite my taste buds. I liked the taste of the lemon with the carrots I ate with it.
I agree, hummus isn't without tahini. I made this recipe as it is, and I found it pretty bland. I added another T of lemon juice, 1 T tahini, and a t of salt. It was an easy recipe, but you may as well find another that you don't need to add other ingredients to.
Real hummus needs to have at least a few heaping tablespoons of sesame paste aka tahini. Without that, it is not hummus, you have blended garbanzo beans with some seasoning.Love it. This dish has become a holiday tradition. Apricot jam is my favorite accompaniment, but Matey prefers strawberry jam. I cook it in a convection oven at 300░F for 35 to 45 minutes.
Instead of double acting baking powder, they should have used 1/2 envelope of YEAST!! Anyhow,--this recipe is not easy to make, might as well make real "palacsinta"s (pancakes, and layer them.
The batter was very thin so the exercise of "layering" was useless. The end result was lumps of filling amidst custard. The dessert smells & tastes good but I thought it was too many ingredients & dirty bowls to repeat.This recipe is BEGGING for flour. I found it bland and too cornmealy. The traditional tender insterior and sweetness and onion flavor is totslly lost in the gritty cornmeal. Will not make again.
So good it seems morally wrong. Crispy, light and addictive in a fair-food kind of way. The recipe is adaptable (I omitted the onion) and very simple. I used a specialty-type cornmeal (Bob's Red Mill, medium grind) and could taste a difference
As I write this, these little puppies are hot off my stove. The all cornmeal recipe (some others call for flour as well) gives them such a delicate outer crunch. Here in the mid-Atlantic, we're in the full swing of corn season so I added 2 ears of fresh corn (cooked)for extra texture. They turned out very nicely and will be a big hit at this afternoon's crab feast. I think that also work nicely in the fall (football!) with a dipping sauce as snackers.
Just checked in the magazine, page 15. 1 CUP BUTTERMILK
It might help to give the amount of buttermilk required!!!!Doesn't need the mayo. I also grew up with this, which was usually on the table at "covered dish suppers" (aka potlucks) next to Lime Jello Cottage Cheese Marshmallow Surprise (there's a great song on this one) and some Glorified Rice. Once a year or so this stuff is still fun.
Can't believe the food snobs.......I had never eaten this till I visited my Aunt's mid western hotel and this was the hot item on the buffet every Sunday afternoon. Shared space with prime rib. She called it Millionairs Salad. I loved every spoonful and still do. Actually my very LA daughter asked for the recipe when she was home for Christmas. Said they just can't make it out there as she remembered it. to each his/her own........
My Brownie troop made soemthing like this. Even we though it was gross!!!
x
My mother made a similar salad for every holiday, one handed down through her family. In hers, mayo was the only dressing and she used one fresh apple, a fresh orange, a grapefruit, a can of mixed fruit and celery for the crunch. This salad isn't for everyone, but for those of us who grew up eating it in all its many variations, it's fantastic!
My mother-in-law makes this. Just horrible. And probably part of the reason why my father-in-law needed coronary bypass surgery!
I bet it's called "icy" because just reading the list of ingredients give you the shivers...
I have made this with sour cream, no cool whip, no whipped cream. Loved it the way I made it. We call it 24 Hour Mandarin Fruit Salad, but I have heard it called Ambrosia, even though the "real" Ambrosia is orange or grapefruit sections with coconut. A co-worker makes this dish this way without the mayo. I don't think people should knock it without trying it first.
i am only replying cause i was reading this recipe before i think i know why some of the ingerents in it floop. even though i didn't make it yet. i think sometimes if you used mayo in it and with sweet stuff the taste balance may be a little off too some taste buds.
disgusting. totally inedible. if you wouldn't eat it as a child, maybe you should have stuck with that.
I can't believe it! Someone brought this drek to a potluck at work and said that she got the recipe from Epicurious and here it is! It was sickening sweet, tasted tinny and had a greasy mouth-feel. This is NOT the Ambrosia recipe I got from my very southern grandmother! Her recipe has freshly sectioned oranges, fresh pineapple and fresh grated coconut. I add honey, Grand Marnier and Morello cherries. When done right - this dish is truly ambrosial.
I am considered one of the best cooks around and yes, I can master just about any recipe given to me to try. I am disgusted by the snooty food-snobs who won't even give this recipe a try. It is sweet, creamy comfort food at it's best. It's all right if you don't want to try it but why put those of us who are TRULY good cooks (because we don't turn our nose up at something before tasting it) down? I'm betting a bunch of you guys will try it when nobody's around.... like my ex-sister-in-law who requested a low fat pumpkin pie for Thanksgiving but was caught sneaking a big old piece of pecan pie when she thought nobody was looking! Hysterical!!!!
This frozen fruit salad is served at family reunions all over the South. If you want to taste one very small piece of the South, make this for your family. But make sure you give it time to start to melt so you can scoop up the run off. It's delicious. While looking up this Southern dish, I was much more entertained with all of the reviews. If the recipe sounds "nausiating," don't make it. And what moron wastes everyone's time leaving a comment when they haven't even tried it? PS: MAYO goes into all Southern creamy "salads."
I'd like to think that I've grown out of liking this stuff. it's the kind of thing you pass on until everyone has gone home and you're all alone with it...
I agree with all of the negative reviews - you have to have been raised on this (and I suspect will be lowered in it too - sugar, fat - yuck!) and therefore presumably know the "recipe" already. Make sure you know your guests' tastes before inflicting this on them.
All told, I grew up in the south (north Florida) and I put REAL mayo in every salad I know of... including ambrosia and waldorf!!!!
Well, I agree with the person who said that the true Southern recipe calls for sour cream instead of mayonnaise. As for the rude comment made about this recipe and the lack of taste on the part of Epicurious editors all I have to say is don't knock it until you've tried it!
I really enjoyed reading these comments. Especially the bad ones from people who haven't even tried the stuff. Don't knock it until you try it! Sure, it's not a "gourmet" recipe like most of us are used to making, but for many of us proud Yankees and Southerner's alike, it's a great reminder of our childhoods.
saw it before on here. made it for a party, people loved, i just kinda liked it but it was easy to make so i will make it again.
The problem with this recipe is the mayo. This is actually a recipe for a favorite southern dish - Ambrosia. However, I don't know a single southern cook who makes Ambrosia with mayonnaise. That said, skip the mayo and use 1/3 to 1/2 cup sour cream instead, as a chef below suggested. It adds a nice, balancing depth to the dish.
while looking for a healthy salad to serve lunchtime guests, I stumbled upon this thing. (Doesn't Epicurious have some editing power? This sounds nausiating and isn't what I would expect to find as representative of Gourmet and Bon Appetit Magazine!)
Instead of the fattening and cholesterol loaded mayonnaise and Cool Whip the original recipe called for, I used non-fat vanilla yoghurt. Delicious. My yoghurt was pretty firm - but if it had been watery I would have drained it in a fine sieve. I also used pineapple and mandarin oranges in juice (not syrup). So I ended up with a delightfully creamy and crispy-crunchy dessert. Those of you who are squeamish should try the yoghurt substitution. Also I didn't add the maraschino cherries. I'd only ever had this dish in school cafeterias but had always liked it. I'm going home to whip some up tonight - my appetite for it has been whetted.
Oh come on! This is great stuff and definitely has its place. I prefer to leave out the coconut (interupts the creamy consistency) and use sour cream in place of the mayo. I could eat buckets! Don't let it sit too long, though. The marshmallows will eventually disappear.
Not going to try this one. Nothing like edible oil products and red dye #2 to ruin some reasonably good ingredients. It's amazing what you pull up when searching for fruit salad.
My (very southern)mom has made this for years -- minus the mayo/Miracle Whip. We kids simply referred to it as "Pink Stuff" (as opposed to the "Orange stuff" that she made as a dip for seafood.) It always brings holidays and hot summer days to mind for me -- great memories of the "good old days."
Salad, dessert, snack, breakfast, whatever...this is great! We grew up calling this type of thing Glop, and we lived throughout this country and a couple of others, making Glop converts. Our roots are definately Southern, but this recipe 'travelled' better than grits or fried okra. Come on, people, what's not to like?
I have made this wild mess for years.. my children's brains are brilliantly contributing to our country fed each and every winter holiday on it! I don't use mayo.. I use the cool whip and sour cream! And.. the secret is.. I sneak bits and bites of it as long as it lasts while putting my haughty cuisined noise in the air and trip off to Jano's in Tucson! LOL
Coming from a family who loves this stuff, I thought it was pretty good, though the friends I served it to didn't take to it. An acquired taste, I guess.
just reading this one made me gag. (ugh) unprecedented. getting over childhood exposure to this would require years of therapy for me. my prayers are with you donna, and shame on you kathy for inflicting this nauseating slop on your own kin.
it was very delicous my family and i enjoyed it very much and i plan to make this desert again.
This is similar to Watergate salad, which my family loves and I detest. I am glad i only have to serve stuff like this at Christmas and Thanksgiving
i thought it was too sweet, but my son couldn't get enough of it, said it was like "ambrosia", something he had at a friend house
In my northern British Columbia home, this dish was greeted with cries of delight. My mother called it "Ambrosia Salad", and made it in a gallon bucket. I still have wonderful memories of the meals that included, what to us, was an all-to-rare treat.
I'm so glad to see that I'm not the only person who couldn't stomach this horrible dessert. My boyfriend's family loves it and they look at me like I've grown a third head when I turn it down!
I was lucky enough not be subjected to this as a child but my mother-in-law makes something very similar. It has canned mandarin & pineapple, almonds, marshmallow, sour cream & coconut. I am quite happy to avoid it at family get-togethers. A friend of mine remembers that her mother used to make it and they called it Heavenly Hash.
My mom made this during the holidays, too! I loathed it....still do! You are absolutely right about it being *pink* and too full of fruit cocktail. However, I'm the only one in the family who won't eat it!!Good stuff. Made with Tofu.
this was so delicious. i made a lot of modifications because of what was available in my kitchen, but the result was fantastic deliciousness. i blended the spinach with sour cream since i didn't have milk or tofu. i only had a red pepper so i skipped the chili and green peppers and used cayenne pepper instead. i used 2/3 a jar of trader joe's masala sauce. i also roasted garbanzo beans with sliced onion and 5 garlic cloves (which i dusted with curry powder) and added them to the simmering spinach. i let the dish simmer much longer than suggested to allow the flavor to develop. would definitely make this again and again!
This was okay - not the best I've had. Would make it again but there is no need to lay out the pieces of paneer if you're using store-bought and when pureeing the spinach and green pepper some liquid will be required for a smooth consistency. Recipe as written comes across a bit more complicated than necessary.
I was very pleased with this recipe. I am new to Indian cooking. About a year ago my husband took me to India palace and ordered the Lamb Saag for me. It was love at first bite. This didn't taste exactly like their saag but from what I understand Curry and Garam Marsala recipes vary so there is no real way to no and I doubt they're going to give it up. I used 2 teaspoons of Trader Joe's Curry then added a dash more ground cloves and cinnamon and a sprinkle of sugar. I also cooked it with chicken instead of making the paneer (which I'll be trying next time) so I think that effected the flavor a good bit. I think lamb would probably absorb the flavor better because it's not as dense as chicken. I added about a TBS of heavy cream but I think that's about all the changes I made. I would also suggest doubling it up if you have men eating unless you pair it with naan and something else. This recipe only fed 3 people instead of 6 but we only had basmati rice with it. I also did not add any of the red peppers. Anyway, my husband and I loved it! We will definitely be eating this often. I recommend it!
All due respect to other reviewers, those who were complaining that it's not palak paneer or saag paneer, the recipe isn't claiming to be. Also, it's very annoying when people change the recipe drastically and then complain that it didn't produce the results they wanted. The dish uses Indian spices, so it's probably fairly authentic. I thought the flavor was good, probably needs a little salt; you can't go into a recipe with expectations that it will be like something else you've tried. That's unreasonable.
All due respect to other reviewers, those who were complaining that it's not palak paneer or saag paneer, the recipe isn't claiming to be. Also, it's very annoying when people change the recipe drastically and then complain that it didn't produce the results they wanted. The dish uses Indian spices, so it's probably fairly authentic. I thought the flavor was good, probably needs a little salt; you can't go into a recipe with expectations that it will be like something else you've tried. That's unreasonable.
this is classical Indian dish but the recipe is all wrong, type palak paneer and you will get a great recipe for thye same
Im indian and this recepie is nowhere close to the authentic recepie which origitaes in Punjaab , North India . For example we dont use any green or red pepper with spinach , just add cut ginger ,few cloves of garlic,one small onion ,one tomatoe,one chillie in a blender along with blanched spinach.Heat oil,add turmeric,little garam masala and add the puree .. finish it by adding the panfriend paneer and some cream and finish with salt . This is faster and tasteir .
The best recipe for palak paneer I've found is on the Manjulaskitchen.com web site. I've made paneer but have had no luck frying it and I don't believe the recipe needs it. We also found great tofu at a local Vietnamese store where it is made fresh every day. I just pat it dry, cut it appropriately, and then fry it in very very little oil in a teflon pan. I have a couple of Julie Sahni's cookbooks and have found them to be excellent.
HELP! Is it just me or is it really not possible to make paneer with ULTRA pasteurized milk? I used to make it all the time, but I tried TWICE with whole milk and ended up with about 2 tablespoons of solids out of an entire gallon of whole milk. The only thing I could figure out is that the milk was ultra pasteurized instead of pasteurized. Am I nuts here? I mean, paneer is super easy to make - I KNOW it is! Help! I want the paneer - I don't want tofu - but living in a very small town in the middle of somewhere it's impossible to find ANY Indian food or ingredients, I'm not going to get it unless I make it myself...
Wow, I don't know what some folks did, but I feel sure they made a mistake. I have used this as one of my hallmark recipes for years-- the kind I no longer order at a restaurant because it's much better made at home. One restaurant I frequented years ago formed the basis for my saag cravings, and this recipe nails it. I've never tried this without making the cheese myself-- it's extremely simple, and its mildness is key to bringing together the flavors of the recipe, since they are subtle and must meld together just right. Be sure to use kosher salt-- regular salt will, indeed, make it terribly salty. And last, I don't know how you properly crush ginger, I would grate it for sure, or it won't incorporate.
After reading the reviews, I didn't use any bell peppers, couldn't find ginger. I used fresh cheese and maybe a little extra garam masala. I think the garam masala is what can make or break this dish. I have a really good one that was given to me. I cooked the spinach with butter and garlic, the flavor comes through well. My one complaint is way too much salt! I added a teaspoon and it's crazy. Add little by little.
herez a video(of original dish) to help you all who love palak paneer! :)
I was expecting the Indian dish Palak Paneer. This is nothing like anything I've ever had at any Indian restaurant. It was very smooth but had no real flavor.
I have never done so much to make something that tasted so unimpressively mediocre. I love Saag Paneer and this dish tastes nothing like it. The bell pepper and the ginger do not make interesting or tasty additions to this dish. Even as a basis for a dish, this recipe is a total loss. I just made it since I had some tofu, spinach and peppers, I wish I had read the reviews first.
I love Indian food but this recipe was bland and unsatisfying. My husband and I forced ourselves to eat it because it was healthy, but that was the only redeeming quality of the dish. I agree with others that it could be a starting point, but only if you know what to add (I don't obviously). I substituted the paneer cheese with tofu. Perhaps the cheese would add something to the dish. I don't recommend this recipe; I would not make it again.
I agree with the previous reviewer that this is not bad but can be used as the basis for forming your own recipe. I used 1 lb. of frozen chopped spinach because it was cheaper than fresh (on sale), omitted the bell peppers in the recipe for authenticity, and didn't have enough ginger, but I still felt it was missing a thing or two. I think next time, after I've tried other recipes, if I use this one again, I'll add some garlic. I added some ghee (clarified butter) this time for that buttery flavor I'm accustomed to with saag paneer in restaurants, but it still wasn't the same. FYI, I got my paneer from Trader Joe's.
If I make this again I will leave out the green pepper, and use only one small minced green chile. I used two serranos and it was way too hot - and I usually like things spicy. I didn't bother to fry the paneer, which I did make fresh. This wasn't like Sag Paneer I've had in Indian restaurants - but I may use the recipe as a jumping off point.
Very different taste, ginger and turmeric (c·rcuma or palillo in Spanish, in case anyone is interested) made spinach acceptable for the younger ones; easy to make. Beautiful color, will look good for office Xmas gathering, when I plan to repeat this recipe.
The spicing is a bit off. There was twice as much ginger than needed, and it was crying for a bit of garlic. The red bell pepper was a strange addition to this simple, traditional dish. I think it was a waste of time to "fry" the farmer's cheese because it melts already when you add it to hot spinach mixture. I was pleased with the beautiful green of the fresh spinach, but the dish was NOT delicious and not worth all the fuss.
This is the first saag paneer recipe I have made that has actually tasted right! I'm psyched! Substituting tofu worked well and I also left out the red pepper strips. I was amazed that the first reviewer said this took 2 hours! It was a really fast recipe, especially with the tofu substitution. Maybe thirty minutes from start to finish.
I happen to LOVE Indian food (maybe I was Indian in a former life ;-)!) and I've been cooking since I was 12, so I had no problems with this recipe. If the previous reviewer had read the instructions carefully, s/he would have noticed that the amount of farmer cheese called for as a substitute for the paneer is *8 oz*. That is also the maount of tofu I would have used. Also, the instructions for the red pepper seemed pretty obvious to me, but I prefer the taste of the dish without them, even if it is prettier, so I just left them out. I especially liked the instructions for making paneer, as our small local Indian grocer doesn't carry it. The taste is very close to the Saag Paneer I fell in love with as a college student, so I'm glad to be able to make it myself.
This is probably an outstanding dish, but I'll never know. The instructions are so vague and inexact that only someone who already knows how to cook thi sdish could make it. "1 inch strips of raw red pepper cooked for 2 minutes" -- What? "small cubes" how small is "small"? "2 cakes of tofu"? That's nearly 2 lbs of tofu! Give me break. This recipe wasted 2 hours of my life.Not bad. Next time I would take the veggies out before frying the eggs and then add them back in at the last moment so they don't get mushy.
Cooked this dish for myself as a no carb dinner. Delicious. Loved the spices and the spicyness, will do it again.I could not get this to set up or reach the correct internal temp of 165. I made it twice and both times it was sludge. Maybe I didn't reduce the syrup enough? Anyone have any suggestions? Would REALLY like to make this correctly. Followed the recipe pretty exactly. Twice. So frustrating.
I made this twice in one weekend. Both times it just would not set up or reach an internal temp of 165' no matter how long I cooked it. Any idea hat I did wrong? Maybe I didn't reduce the syrup enough? So frustrating. I REALLY want to succeed with this recipe. Suggestion welcomed.
This recipe is completely off. Maple turns into rock after reducing it and it's just waaaay too sweet!
this recipe was a lot more time consuming than expected but it came out really great. I made this for Easter and everyone loved it. Once I boiled down the maple syrup, the consistency was almost similar to brown sugar. I'm not sure if that was right or not but they turned out great so I guess it was okay.
I cooked the maple syrup on the lower end of the temperature called for just to be on the safe side. I kept the stirring to a minimum and was very gentle when I did so as I was concerned the sugar would burn and turn the mixture to rock. It worked - a lovely smooth finish and the end result was delectible. Reminded me more of Creme Brulee than cheesecake, but that certainly isn't a complaint! Very tasty and decadent.
Help - When I baked the cheesecakes as directed, the mixture appears to have curdled and overflowed. I'm not sure if there's water in the cake mixture or if it's just split due to heat. I definitely want to make it again as the overflow taste delicious - any suggestions how to improve
To cook from Canada, the recipe calls for 1/3 cup sugar be mixed with the cream cheese. Bon Apetit.
?????what is the amount of sugar that you blend with the cream cheese....all I get is...cup sugar. I love maple syrup and mascarpone cheese...so I would really like to make this. I do not think it would not be alot of sugar because of the maple syrup. I could guess but if you could help me
I had trouble with the maple syrup mixture. It turned sugary when it cooled. Had to rescue it with a little Karo syrup. Also, too sweet. Would I make it again? Hell, no!!
Definitely not very easy for unskilled cooks but absolutely delicious and refined. As good as the original at Babbo's.
I decided to go ahead and try to make this recipe despite the mixed reviews and I am glad that I did. The flavor was great - the texture creamy. However, I did have trouble getting the cheesecakes out of the pan. But I used a muffin pan and didn't allow the cheescakes to cool for 24 hours - probably only 6 hours actually. At any rate, after making this dish I have decided to go purchase the proper equipment and make it again. Guests loved it too and thought it would also be great with an accompaniment of finely chopped pecans.
I've had this dessert at Babbo and it was just divine! However, when I tried to recreate it at home the result was very gritty and granular. I would love to try this recipe again and get it to taste like it should. Babbo's version is SO SMOOTH AND SCRUMPTIOUS!! Any ideas??
I had problems with this recipe. First cooling down the maple syrup mixture too much caused it to harden and I was unable to mix it into the cheese mixture. So I heated it back up until it liquified but as soon as I added it again, it solidified again. The cheesecake would not pop out of the dish and when it did there was a soggy mess of maple syrup on top. The cheescake itself was way to sweet. I would love to know how to mix the maple syrup into the cheese.
My husband made this recipe twice, both times to rave reviews. It turned out perfectly, no problems with boiling the maple syrup. It's a keeper!
I have had this dessert many times at Babbo and absolutely love it. I was thrilled to see the recipe published in Bon Appetit. I immediately purchased all the ingredients and tried to make it at home. I even brought back a Grade A maple syrup from Vermont. In making this dessert, I would have appreciated more notes when boiling down the maple syrup. I'm not sure if I should have used a lower grade of maple syrup (perhaps Grade B), but over medium heat (as the recipe specifies), my maple syrup started to burn just after 15 minutes. It was a huge mess. Needless to say, I didn't go beyond that since I had to clean up the burnt caramel. Should the maple syrup be boiling under a very low heat? Since I really do enjoy this dessert, I will try it again.Godawful! Stay far away. Tastes like random chunks floating in baby food. There are much simpler, much better recipes on this site.
It's interesting - this is the most recent of a number of Irish Stew recipes on the Epicurious site. Each one seems to get a bit more complicated and a bit further away from the traditional version of this dish. I would definitely leave off the blanching, unless that milder colour and flavour is really something you want. The Cook from Seattle asked why one would want to reduce the strong flavour - obviously, with lamb you wouldn't, but many of us would be more likely to use mutton or hogget (inbetween lamb and mutton in age) for our stews, and there you might, if you had a particularly strongly flavoured piece, want to reduce the flavour. If you are in Australia, and can get a piece of saltbush hogget, it makes for a special and distinctly Australian Irish Stew. I wouldn't make this again, though it was okay as far as it went. I much prefer the old school recipe from 1963, with barley and dumplings.
great dish not too difficult to prepare makes a rather bland stew something special.Blanching gives the meat an interesting more engrained flavour-meat was beautifully tender and the base or stock is worth the extra prep effort. worth checking out.
For heavens sakes! Don't water down the taste of the lamb - mutton, perhaps, but only perhaps. The cooking time and flavouring veggies adds to the rich taste of the meat and I think this recipe gives full flavour and homely taste to a stew that is often far too bland. I would still prefer lightly frying the meat beforehand.
My Dublin parents would have wondered where the dumplings went. A lot of time could be saved without two kinds of potatoes and the food mill, a little barley would also help.
To try a simplified version of this recipe....brown the lamb in butter and put into large ovenproof bowl with all other ingrediants (add thyme and barley if you wish)add enough water to nearly cover, pop lid on & cook in the oven for 3 hrs on 300 degrees frnht. Serve with crusty bread. It is one of those recipes you can put on before going out for the afternoon.
The recipe is good but where is the barley ?? According to my Irish granmother Irish Stew has barley in it. A handfull or two of it. Please do not kill the taste of the lamb which is the whole mening of the stew
Sorry, I haven't tried this recipe (looks good!) but I have a question for the cook from Albuquerque. Why on earth would you want to reduce the "strong" flavor of lamb? It's wonderful just as it is, and there are so many ways to prepare it. Just enjoy!
What a tedious recipe. Now I know why the Ritz-Carlton is so expensive- it's all extra folks they have to hire to make this Irish Stew! Save yourself about an hour and skip the food mill step; instead simply discard about 2/3 of the veggies and puree the rest in a processor with the cooking liquid. I'd cut back on the boiling onions as well. Another good tip for the lamb (or any gamey meat) is to soak it in milk for a day before cooking it to remove some of the strong flavor. Overall, not a horrible basic recipe for Irish Stew, but huge points subtracted for the prep.I added double the potatoes, celery, 3 or 4 sprigs each of rosemary and thyme, added chicken gravy (already made) and my turkey broth (because I had no chicken) and lots of pepper for a little kick into my 5 quart slow cooker and it smells wonderful!! I'll have to let you know how it turns out!!! Cheers all!
Yes, kid friendly - aka totally bland! The idea of mixing different meats seemed good. I made it from some relatives from overseas (trying to do a Canadian meal without giving them salmon and maple syrup yet again); but it tasted more like English cooking than Canadian! (ps I'm from the UK, so don't get all offended. You know what I mean!)
Not too exciting...all the meat tastes the same anyway so why go through all the bother? The saving grace is the taste is kid friendly.
I had difficulty finding one pouud roasts, but could find two pounders, so doubled the recipe. It worked well and was excellent, with lots for leftovers and to freeze. We liked it a little thicker, so added a bit of cornstarch mixed with water. Probably not a "company" meal, but a great family dinner.
Yummy! Great comfort food. I didn't have any ground allspice, so I smashed 6 allspice berries and used them instead. I was worried that the allspice would be too strong a flavor, but it is extremely subtle. This dish is definitely better the next day (as are most stews), and it reheats beautifully. I added more potatoes and carrots, just because I like more veggies in my stew. The recipe is a bit labor intensive, but not if you cook it in stages (which is what I did). I sauteed the meat, then later I did the chicken. The next day I put it all together. Personally, I don't think this a good dish to serve over rice or even potatoes. Serve with either bread or maybe tortillas. It really is a one-dish meal. Everyone loved it!!!I like the combination of flavors in this dish and will make it again.
We like this recipe.I've made it twice before.I am making it again.It's warm and comforting on those cool Fall nights!
A very pretty dish but lacking a flavor element. I added lemon juice, more salt and pepper which helped but not enough.
Great color but not making again. Color of dish is spectacular but taste mediocre. Far too bland!
I made it as a side dish along with Buffalo tederloin that I made on the grill. It was a bit bland, I probably put more lemon peel and parsley than it called for in the recipe to zip it up a bit. The buffalo had a very spicy rub on it so this was to balance it. I was not taken with it but my wife and our guests both loved it.
With 6 tablespoons of butter, it's hard to imagine thisrecipe listing in the "healthy" section.
This was only OK. I have made risotto with butternut squash before and not liked it very much. I love pasta with butternut squash and thought I might like the israeli couscous. The squash is just a little bland and mushy compared to the couscous and the flavor is lacking. I saved it a bit by putting in sage at the last minute (I could tell it wasn't quite right) and then folded in walnuts at the end. Still, I wouldn't make it again.The recipe was followed with diligence and to my dismay the balls crumbled in front of me much like my dreams of having a delicious Arabic meal. Also, I find this recipe to be prejudice because my white skin could not create these little brown beauties. Thank you, have a good day, and Shalom.
Falafel is NOT "Israeli." It's Palestinian!
I made this exactly as written. Mine fell apart, also. I added an egg and a little panko, then they were ok.
I loved the smell and taste, however I found also that the balls fell apart in the oil. (thank goodness I just put one in to test!) So I did an UNauthentic thing and added a little flour and a bit of partially beaten egg to bind it together. It worked! I would lessen the amount of salt it calls for though as that was the first thing my husband commented on was the salty flavor.
I don't know anything about authenticity, but this was delicious. I soaked my chickpeas extra long and then let them sprout over a few days (rinsing twice daily). I added a little more chickpea because it tasted too much of onion for me (maybe I had too much onion). My patties stayed together perfectly. We just used a small layer of olive oil in the pan, rather than deep frying. Excellent. I will definitely do this again. So easy and delicious.
I have no idea why it is called Israeli Falafel, it is not Israeli, unless using canned chickpeas makes it so.
This recipe is fantastic. This was the closest I have come to the real thing which I had in Bethlehem. I followed the recipe exactly and there is no need for the flour providing you do the following; the falafels will not fall apart and will crisp beautifully: -Use dried chick peas (not canned) -Don't make them too big (about golf ball size is perfect, and authentic.) -Make sure your oil is hot enough to start frying immediately. -Lower balls gently into the oil on a spoon (don't drop in) -Don't turn or move till half cooked. I love it and will make it again. Perfect!
Okay...This recipe works! However....it will not work if you use canned chick peas. I don't know why it's even mentioned here....My first go-around was with canned chick pea and my results were like some of yours not desireable....So, I went out got a bag o'beans (chick pea) soaked'em over night and gave it another go. I will admit I was skeptical....but to my amazement the recipe works....no need for flour the starch present in the chick pea holds them together nicely and the crust that forms is crisp. This recipe is all that you would expect from some good Falafel...Delicious! Try it again and start with dried chick pea.
what a gloppy mess! Never made falafel before, followed recipe exactly, and it made some gross falafel.hot oil soup!!!!! I am totally not a novice cook, the patties looked wet, but I figured "oh well, that's what the recipe says to do...."
This is not the way authentic Middel Eastern falafel is made. This recipe has been altered on so many levels, it shouldn't even be called "falafel".
I used a half a cup of dried chickpeas. The first one fell apart, but after that, I hand packed them and they came out great!
Horrible! I should have read the other review before trying this recipe. What a waste of perfectly good food. The Falafels totally disintegrated when I tried to fry them.
This recipe is wrong!!! The flour is missing from the ingregient list and instructions. I learned this the hard way from a frying pan full of gloppy mess!Quick and easy to make. My family loved it!
Excellent idea, but the next time I will change some things as these came out way too salty with the ingredients as listed. First, I would use only 1/2 C. of the Romano, and more like 2/3 C. of the mayo; then maybe only 1/4 tsp. of the garlic powder (or maybe fresh) along with some freshly chopped basil instead of the dry. It IS a good idea and once I've perfected the combinations it will be a winner! Don't let get too brown! KIMBEROops! Cannot be made without garlic, basil, oregano and peppers. Must be my spell check isn't working - I also meant 'food' of course;-( Sorry
I've made this for years, but would find recipe terribly bland and boring. True Italian foot cannod be made with oregano, basil, garlic and yes...green peppers. I saute onion, garlic, celery, and green pepper in olive oil. Then I add 2-3 chicken bullion cubes with 1/2 chicken and water to cover. Simmer this until the chicken can be removed and the bones, skin etc. removed.Feed this and the veggie skins to your garden. Boil and moderately salt angel hair. Drain and mix with the soup broth, veggies and chicken. This makes a more full-bodied soup in our opinion. I'm having that for dinner tonight with fresh garlic bread;-)
I've made this soup several times and enjoy it very much. The cheese added at serving time is the key, and adds a wonderful saltiness and body to the soup. I use orzo instead of vermicelli, and I freeze the leftovers.
I hate garlic so I was glad to find this recipe. However, I made it with rice instead of vermicelli and added diced zucchini.
In the interest of time, I use 2 store bought roasted chickens and chicken broth in this. With the previous cooks comments considered, I thought this would be an asset. Adding a large carrot chopped, chopped mushrooms, garlic and basil should only enhance it. It was DEVOURED by my 2-yr old but good ole Mama and Daddy struggled through. Taste wasn't bad just not great. Plus it kinda looked like a train wreck. I'll make it again, for a crowd...of 2-yr olds.
I agree with Michael Brooks. This definately needs some garlic and basil. I would de-fat the broth before proceeding, either by making the day before, refrigerating, then removing the solid fat, or using a de-fatting pitcher. One cup of Romano cheese is way too much. Just pass it at the table and let everyone sprinkle some on their own serving. Add some greens, (escarole, endive or spinich) at the end of the cooking and let them wilt--added food value plus some color interest.
For purists, this may just be the thing, but for me, it was way too bland. The chicken was excellent, but overall the soup needs some fresh basil and garlic, along with a pinch of thyme or maybe sage to add some spunk. I also found it much to oily and fatty - a condition emphasized greatly by the tangy ramano cheese. Overall, it was a good experiment, but I'll never make it again.Who cares where it looks like it comes from. There is nothing wrong with enjoying simple food. I thought it was tasty and couldn't stop eating it. I first made it in college and my roommates couldn't get enough.
No, I'm sorry I have to agree with Tennessee on this one. It looks like a recipe from Ladies Home Journal.
Tennessee, get over yourself.........
spoon bisquits do not come out of a can!
I really liked this. It's very easy to make, and it's the perfect comfort food. Nice and cheesy. I'm sure to make this one again.At first glance, the recipe seemed like it would have a bit of a kick to it, but it didn't have nearly the flavor I was hoping for. I think that the citrus thinned it out, so I am looking for an alternate flavor to try this recipe again. Perhaps honey.
I doubled the amount of jalape±o, left some of the seeds and added salt. It added a nice kick to the salad.
A different but interesting vinaigrette with good flavor that I felt went best with a sweeter vegetable, such as jicama, corn or carrots.
My mom loved it, but more for the spice than the flavor. Most guests were uninterested.
Nice and easy recipe. With one Jalapeno, not overly spicy. Nice color. Goes good with salad of paper thin slices of cucumber, canned corn, celery. I should add that I used extra virgin olive oil which gives it a better overall flavor.
This is not very good. Because of the large quantity of oil the other flavors are overly diluted. Good concept, poor execution.
Not enough kick with just one jalapeno, and needs a little bit of cider vinager. A dash of salt and pepper would not hurt.
The flavor of this is really nice on asparagus. Either the jalapeno I used was not very hot or this doesn't have quite enough kick. Next time we will substitute a tablespoon or two of lime juice with white wine vinegar. Perhaps also a dash of pepper sauce, the red one. Overall very interesting and I will make it again soon.
10 guys having dinner a the home of a local chef was about to prepare balsamic vinaigrete for the chilled asperagus when i stopped him and i made the jalapeno/lime vinaigrete...they all loved it esp.the chef
Very good - light and refreshing - keeps well!This is a great recipe! I had no trouble getting it to set; took overnight. I did add 3 drops of green food coloring as advised in a previous review. I'd give it 4 forks except that I'd like to have the particles of pepper and mint suspended throughout the jelly; it mostly floated to the top. I was afraid to move the jars much during setting to try to help this happen in my 2nd (double) batch. (Had alot of overgrown mint to use up!)
This was a fantastic recipe! I made my first batch of jelly ever, and this worked beautifully. My jelly set well, and had a very nice texture. The only reason I gave this a 3-fork rating was that the end flavor was a little too sour for my taste. I will make an adjustment to the recipe to try to alleviate the sourness. To process, I inverted the freshly canned jelly on their lids for about 15 minutes, then flipped them upright and let them sit on the counter overnight. This formed a nice vacuum seal too. I am not sure why others weren't able to get their jelly to set. I had 2 cups of liquid total, including the mint liquid, lemon juice and cider vinegar. I also put the jalapenos in a food processor to get a good mince on my peppers - which may have reduced the amount of liquid that was released by the peppers during cooking.
I made it as directed but added a packet of powder pectin instead of the liquid pectin at the same time as vinegar, lemon juice, & chopped jalape±os. I heated to boiling and then added the sugar. I did boil longer than the recommended time, about 5-7 minutes. As for the recipe, I used 3 jalapeno peppers, but my family said it wasn't hot enough, so I'll probably add 5 or 6 next time. Great use for all that mint growing wild!
I used Chocolate Mint and replace 1/2 cup of water with apple juice. No problems with jelling and tasted amazing!
Didn't set up for me either. Followed recipe exactly and it failed so I did everything that all mentioned below then added more pectin - still fail. Then I boiled it for another 5 minutes and it finally set up - a bit too much. Too bad as it sounds so good.
Add 2 drops of green food coloring to make the color more attractive.
I've been making jams for years and always used the powdered pectin. Twice I bought the liquid and my jams did not set. My suggestion is to use one packet of powdered pectin. I'll be making this jelly soon and will let you know how it comes out with the powder.
I just made this recipe and it seemed not to set up - will it set more as it cools? I did pour it back into the pan, boiled for a minute as the other reviewers suggested then processed it for 10 mins, too. Honestly, we won't care too much if it doesn't set as it is delicious!! We'll just call it Jalapeno and Mint Sauce!!
I'd love to try this but can't get liquid pectin in Germany - has anyone an idea with how much "crystal pectin" I can substitute it???
This jelly is our favorite! It goes great on pork! Our family can't get enough of it, we keep finding new ways to use it, and now all my neighbors are asking for it!
Note to self: read reviews and comments before attempting recipe. It did not jell for me either. I poured them all back in a pan, added another pouch of pectin, boiled for several minutes, tried again. No jell. I call it a "syrup" and will use it as a glaze.
I emptied the un-set-up jelly back into the pot and boiled it for one minute. Poured it back in the jars and processed ten minutes. It set up this time. Not sure why the recipe omitted this step of boiling the mixture after you add the liquid pectin: the directions that come with the liquid pectin tell you to do this will all jams and jellies that use liquid pectin.
This didn't set up for me either. i think I know why: after adding the pectin, you should boil it hard for one minute, which the recipe doesn't tell you to do. I might try again.
I doubled the amount of peppers used several different types of pepers and boiled hard for abut 7 minutes. Turned out great!
I made this recipe twice and neither time did it set like it should have. I have been making jams and jellies for years, and something isn't right with this. The taste is great and once I put it in the refrigerator, it set up a little more. Fortunately I have LOTS of mint and maybe will try to fix the recipe.
An important note - when cooking jellies,jams with hot peppers be very careful not to come in contact with even the steam - it can be very painful!
Ther is a problem with this recipe that plagues jellies - that is that the amount of liquid affects the amount of pectin needed. My batch must have had particularly juicy mint, because the pectin was not sufficient to give me jelly. I ended up with a liquid goo perfect for halloween. I liked the heavy mint flavor mixed with the vinegar and jalapeno, but the amount of sugar was really overpowering. This recipe has potential, but it's not one for someone just starting to can or preserve.Very nice, but rather bland. Substituted habanero chilies. Now THAT worked and made it a little spicy.
This is like a really light hushpuppy recipe. I could see substituting the peppers for many different vegetables (especially onions or peas) and serving these with fish. I deep fried mine in sunflower oil; it's just what I had around at the time. I think it left the fritters with a cleaner taste than vegetable oil might have. This was drama-free deep frying all around.
Thought these were good and pretty easy, I thought there was a little too much of the corn meal batter, it was more jalapeno hush puppy than jalapeno popper. Will probably try some variations on this.
Made (and tested for quality control) these for a Hannukah/Christmas celebration. Even though recipe doesn't give make ahead instructions, I'm hoping they well re-heat well tomorrow. Had not made fritters before, but found it easy to do, if a bit time consuming and certainly messy. Definitely add the extra salt -- and lots of it. Will serve w/ salsa and sour cream. Very spicy, some will probably find it too much. I liked it, and was especially pleased with the texture: crispy on the outside, soft inside.I made this recipe for the first time last weekend and the carrots were swimming in sauce. If I make it again I would probably make half the sauce. I was not wowed by this recipe so it's not likely I will be making it again.
I tried this recipe for the first time last weekend and the carrots were swimming in sauce. If I try it again I would half the amount of sauce. I wasn't wowed by this dish so I'm not sure I'd make it again.
Very pretty with baby carrots. I garnished them with wasabi peas. A Ladies' Luncheon hit!
Very easy with baby carrots and a great addition to a cocktail party menu.
Yech - these were awful. I tasted one, forced my hubby to try one, and then threw them out.
Made this to accompany take-out sushi. They were perfect together.
There is NO way each serving could be 477cal. Each serving would contain 1 tsp sugar (at the most 16 cal). 1/2 c cooked carrots are 35 calories. Vinegar is virtually calorie-free. From whence did those 477 calories come?
Very easy and tasty. A great starter for the California Roll Salad. I also served edamame as an appetizer.
very easy to make and just unusual enough to be an interesting addition to a vegetable plate. even easier if made with baby carrots.I really liked the Dijon mustard in this dressing. Also, I liked that it had a variety of veggies instead of just cabbage and carrots. I think, though, that it is very heavy on the mayo. I would cut it in half, and decrease the sugar as well. Overall, though, I thought it was very tasty.
I can see why some people would add lkee a tablspoon or two of sugar to cut the cabbage taste, but a half a cup, that's like making it a dessert in my opinion. But there again, I grew up with spicy coleslaw that had not one iota of sugar in it. But everyone is differentEasy and full of spice.
Prepared recipe exactly as specified, aside from the fact that my chicken breasts were more like 8 oz. If you are using larger breasts like this, you may want to consider butterflying them first, otherwise they'll take longer than specified to cook, and the habenero will begin to burn (filling the air with toxic chile fumes). The recipe makes quite a bit of rub. If you like it spicy, slather it all on and what sticks, sticks. If you're not into the heat, you could apply less, but I'd probably suggest just scraping off the excess to taste. One last thing. In my experience with jerk chicken, it really benefits from marinating. I think next time I make this (and I will be making it again), I'll try and let it marinate at least 24 hours.I was surprised how much I liked this. The flavors are fresh and delicious. I'd definitely make again.
Yes, this dish is time consuming to prepare with all of the chopping. However, it's well worth it and has always been a hit at BBQs. I suggest adding chopped red onion and fresh lime zest and juice to taste. Substitute sesame oil for the vegetable oil and definitely increase the amount of chile paste, to taste. I also added chopped orange, which really compliments the flavours well and makes this dish more interesting. yum!
I cut the rice vinegar in half (used "seasoned") and added lime juice to match the measurements, used sesame oil instead of vegetable oil and added minced serano chili since everyone said it lacked the punch with the chili paste. This helped a bit. Nice refreshing chilled salad with color.
Slicing, dicing or chopping jicama is no picnic, so I used a large hole grater. The texture was still crunchy and crisp. I also used more than 1/4 teaspoonful of chili paste, even though I don't like my food too hot. The next time I'm going to try pineapple vinegar.
Definitely needed more chili paste as noted below. This recipe required a lot more chopping than the results merit. I added a little sesame oil but still felt it lacked something.
Definitely needs a bunch more chili paste, but the base is good. I like this combo of veggies.
My husband liked this more than I. I thought it lacked interest however the crunchy texture was good. After mixing all the ingredients I let it sit an hour. Also, I used 1 tsp of the chili paste which enhanced the flavor but the slaw was still mild.
This is good, although I would suggest making it a day ahead of time. The flavor is a lot better. Also, I needed to use a lot more chili paste than called for due to the lack of zest it had.We made this recipe as written except we reduced the mayo to suit our tastes. Though our Johnnycakes didn't turn out looking neatly formed like the ones in the picture, we really enjoyed this. Served it as an entree with a salad on the side. Wonderful summer meal.
Quite good, but polenta mixture was very runny. Used 1/2 mayo.
So sorry, but I am very confused. There is no instruction to cook the crabmeat--how can you let it cool? It should be cooked, shouldn't it? Help, please.
Agree with previous posts - Mayo definitely out of proportion to the crab. Also, I had to use Blue crab, but still good. I did not have enough Chives on my plant, so I added some red onion and it was fabulous. A note: let the crab cool for a few hours to let flavors meld too.
I mislaid my Nov. recipe so thanks for the web site. I will make this recipe for the Christmas holiday & many more times. It's wonderful!
I love the idea of the recipe, but the reality is something else. The "johnnycakes" aren't spectacular, but they don't merit a screed. What I don't like about this recipe is the crab dip. The mayonnaise to crab ratio is completely out of proportion so the expensive and delicious crab gets completely lost in a sea of mayo. I'm glad I did a trial run before I served this to guests. Use about a tablespoon of mayo and increase the lemon juice. Then, find some Old Bay seasoning or Tony Cachere's and toss that in with some celery. In short, abandon the recipe and do your own thing. Also, don't pile the dip onto the johnnycakes until just before you serve them~otherwise, the crab soaks through the cakes creating a texture nightmare.
I was wondering if mcboyle even tasted these. They're wonderful and easy and just because they're not traditional doesn't make them bad. The polenta must be the "global influence." They're great and easy to make for unexpected guests.
Johnnycakes, you say! Authentic johnnycakes,as my grandmother made them, are made with stone ground white cornmeal, especially Kenyon's Johnnycake mix from Kenyon's Grist Mill in R.I.(www.kenyonsgristmill.com) If you want to make "Polenta with Peekytoe Crab," fine, but don't refer to New England. Pilgrims did not eat polenta.Decided not to change the recipe first time making it. Ingredients were really off. Recipe only calls for 2 eggs and 2 egg whites, not enough to hold anything together and came out as a large tasteless mush. Garlic is missing from the ingredient list.
I did half potatoes and half parsnips and I added Dill, 2 more eggs, and Parmesan. This is delicious, but it needs lots of salt and pepper.
Good but needs modifications. I used 5 eggs and added Parmesan cheese just before I broiled it. Without the cheese it would have been a little bland.
I make this dish all of the time. Most of the time I don't use the potatoes and increase the number of eggs to 6 whole. I also use a bit of ceyanne. You can use any type of green but the cooking times will vary. If you use a green leafy vegetable other than kale there is no need to blanch Great way to get the greens into my diet.
I agree with the other reviewers about the proportions here. I used 4 whole eggs and subbed spinach for kale. It tasted delicious both times I made it, but better when I didn't blanch the spinach- just threw it in whole and it was better because it didn't retain any water. Very tasty, but add a good amount of salt and pepper.
There is something very wrong with the quantities in this recipe, 6 whole eggs were barely enough to hold the vegetables together in a respectable frittata. And the kale needs to be cooked much longer than indicated. The end product looked nothing like the photo but was quite yummy, so it is worth tweaking.
Based on the other reviews, I used 6 medium eggs, milk, 1/2 pound of kale and 1 and 1/4 pound of potatoes. It would have been much improved with only 1/2 or 3/4 pound of potatoes. I topped with parmesean, but it still needed some additional spices on top of the paprika.
Very good. You can use the basics of this recipe and do a lot to change it up. I added some organic sausage, used half the kale, and used some of my favorite seasonings from a local spice shop. I used 5 whole organic eggs and topped it with grated cheese. Decided we could add crab, scallops and the like to do a seafood version.
This is a good building-block recipe. I used 2 pounds kale from my CSA which I blanched in the microwave, and used 5 entire eggs. Added 1/2 tsp salt but will opt for Parmesan as suggested by an earlier reviewer. Still, yum!
Made with 3 egg whites, 2 whole eggs and a splash of half and half. Required a tablespoon of olive oil. I made with pre-baked sweet potatoes instead of regular, and it tasted GREAT. Used a half-bunch of kale I happened to have on-hand and it was plenty. Topped with a sprinkle of parmesan -- really made the dish.
This recipe was a good base but did require some tweaking. I added some chili flakes with the onion and the garlic, as well as some smoked salt. I used 4 eggs and a little cream and topped it with a touch of grated sharp cheese. I know this changes the recipe a bit, but the adjustments didn't change the nutritional information greatly, if you were serving this to 4 people.
Not a bad recipe, but only if a several important adjustments are made. First of all, a full pound of kale is absurd. Try about a third of that. It also does require more eggs. Probably 1.5 to twice the amount specified. The egg whites should be replaced with regular eggs if flavor is a priority. It would go well with some chorizo, too. But that would admittedly be getting away from the "healthy" point of this recipe.
Incredibly dry - next time I'd use 6 eggs and maybe some milk or cream. Resulting dish looked nothing like picture.I find that very often the name of a place is assigned to a recipe without regard to whether or not it is something that is actually served in that place. For instance, you will find many un-authentic Mexican recipes on this site. Perhaps, this is a local favorite somewhere in the city, but it is NOT the KC "theme sauce". And who care's really, cooking is about trying new things. Why else would we all be here? Really, Compton, I wonder at two things, first that such vile ejaculations are neccessary; and second, that you gave this recipe two forks when you detested it so.
Better with a little Tabasco.
it was okbut not te bestI've happily tripled this recipe, doing as others have suggested; using smoked fish, sauteing the onion in butter and then roasting the curry powder in it, starting with cold cooked rice. It's also great with brown rice and peas and makes a lovely potluck contribution. If you keep or occasionally cook Kosher, this is also a nice change from traditional Ashkenazi cuisine, but it still has the smoked fish...
This recipe was exactly perfect for my needs, and of course it's highly adaptable to preference and what's available in your fridge or panty. I used leftover Zatarain's Yellow Rice, parsley and a good handful of chopped peppers and greens I had on hand from my wee summer garden, and used a home-blend Garam Masala for my curry powder. This time I used canned red salmon; next time I'll try mackerel or even canned smoked oysters. Healthy, quick, tasty, and easily scaled down to a one-serving portion. Thank you! My new breakfast favorite!
Youre right! This is way off. Start with shallots or onions cooked in oil/butter  I added ginger, curry, cayenne, a little turmeric and nutmeg (Im from Connecticut). Then I add the cold rinsed rice (which I cooked earlier with 6 cloves, chicken stock (or cubes)and a nugget of butter). I like it to get a little crunch. Then I add the fish (the whole idea of this recipe is using leftovers), some yogurt (especially if I went too hot), a handful of cilantro, some hard-boiled egg and VOILA!
This was a waste of both rice and fish. I've been trying to discover a way to simplify kedgeree and this is not it. Cooking the eggs with the rice at the very beginning is madness! The eggs should go in last. Also it needs onions at the very least. This all would be fine if a higher quality of fish were to be used but as of now this is a "find on the back of a soup can" style recipe.
This is a good, basic recipe. Not something I would serve guests, but a tasty enough meal in and of itself.
It is VERY important to use cold cooked rice in this recipe. Do NOT use hot rice! I did, and it was a mushy mess. As with all fried rice dishes, use day old, already cooked rice that has been sitting in the fridge. I'll make this again, but I won't make the same mistake again. Good flavor and love the eggs, regardless.
I make my family's version, which is close to this. However, we never used salmon! Poached, flaked smoked haddock (finnan haddie) is traditional - and utterly delicious.
I have been making this dish for years - but to make it work it is essential to use smoked fish - any sort of smoked fish - but I use John West Canned Boneless Kipper Fillets in brine!! add the total contents of the can as the brine adds a flavour. From David Cheetham a Boarding School Chef in Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia (down under!).
Tried this recipe hot for breakfast one day and it was ummm...well different. It's not all that that, but it was a change of pace for all the eggs we usually eat for breakfast. I probably won't make it again.
Very easy to make.. and the ingredients are usually around the house anyway. It's great to come up with a recipe for canned salmon! It was a big hit at my house both for dinner (hot) as well as at breakfast (served cold). For breakfast, we topped the cold kedgeree with sour cream.
I love salmon and keep looking for new recipes that enhance its taste but do not smother it. Up to this point my best for breakfast had been "Salmon Hash" from The Heathman Hotel in Portland, but must confess the frozen hashbrown potatoes do not always come out with the perfect crispiness. While - I am good at making white rice, which is always perfect, and the ingredients involved can not go wrong - the mixture and taste are beautiful !! Loved this recipe.Beard doesn't even come close with his recipe. First off it can also be made with beef. Bulgar wheat is what is used in the Middle East and it also needs about a half cup of pine nuts. Now many Lebanese and Syrians split the meat into two portions and have a layer of slightly caramelized onions in between the two meat layers. If you use beef use at least 85% and avoid the super lean 90% as the bulgur wheat will soak up any fat. Trust me on this. Dry kibbee or any meatloaf is no bueno. The bulgar wheat must be soaked for at least six hours and you can soak it in beef broth for added flavor, otherwise the meatloaf is dry as a board. Mix the soaked wheat, seasoning, and the pine nuts with the meat and don't over knead as that will make it tough. Seasoning varies, but in Lebanon they use plain mint (NOT spearmint) about two tblspoons, ground cardomom - 2 teaspns (this will turn the meat red colored), and a small amount of garlic - two cloves at most. The chopped onions can be mixed into the meat rather than layering and mix that with the seasoning and other ingredients all at the same time. Use 3 or 4 mediums onions as the mint and the onion are the major players. Salt and pepper to taste. Eat it plain in rectangles like traditional meatloaf or serve it in thinner slices in Pita halves with raw spinach leaves and plain ranch dressing as a delicious pairing between the meat and spinach leaves. This is authentic kibbee.
My grandfather was Lebanese, and growing up we ate plenty of Kibbee. This recipe is pretty close to the one we use, however, we added a little cinnamon, and we would fry ours. I will say though kibbee to me is better raw!!
I add just a bit of flour to my mixture and form them into balls and cook them for hot appetizers. Serve with a plain or mint yogurt dip.
This was a very "basic" Kibbee. My Mother-in-law is 100% Lebanese and makes it with pureed Green Pepper, and Parsley as well as the onions, cumin, etc.. Also great served with plain yogurt as a dip and pita bread
I'm confused. The baked Kibbee tells you to put a layer of half the kibbe mixture. then it says, Add the ground lamb mixture , top with the rest of the kibbee. Am I suppose to use the "other" kibbee mixture with it, totatling 2 1/2 lbs of ground lamb? I've been looking for this recipe for 6 years and I don't want to screw it up.A decent Passover lunch or light dinner. I would make it again.
Bad! The kids did not eat a single bite.
My kids didn't much like this. I wouldn't bother with it again. I think sauce and cheese on a plain matzoh would be better and far easier.
anyone who has a brain would know that if one is keeping pesach, there are eight days of eating without leaven to cook, especially for families with picky little kids. after the first few day when seder leftovers are finished, there are other meals to prepare. this is/would be a fine 'chol ha moed' lunch. i've made this and may again but i grew up on the single matzah pizza recipe.
Very bland, kids thought it was OK. BTW, not all Jews follow Kashrut. Do we really need to be snippy and make comments about "Passover Glazed Ham". Live and let live.
I agree with earlier posters. It's disrespectful to post recipes for a nonkosher seder. (A matza pizza is a fine thing for a dairy meal during Passover, of course.) The prohibition against eating milk with meat is as strong as that of eating chometz on Passover.
My picky-eater kids love it. Just use KforP soy cheese if you are not making a dairy meal...no big deal!
My kids love this; we have it every passover. As for mixing dairy and meat in a meal, there are many Jewish families (like ours, although we don't eat meat so I guess that we're kosher by default) that observe passover by simply not eating anything with levening. For families that don't keep kosher to begin with but observe passover by omitting bread and other foods, a menu mixing milk and meat might be acceptable.
Like the reviewer before me, I cannot understand how you can publish a Passover Seder menu that mixes dairy and meat! Perhaps next time, you might provide a recipe for Passover Glazed Ham!
Just a note that of all times Passover is a "Kosher" meal and one should not serve a dairy pizza at the same meal they are serving meat.
I find the easiet way to make a kids matzoh pizza is to grease a cookie sheet with a little olive oil, then make a single layer of matzohs on the sheet. Drizzle the matzohs with olive oil, and cover with chopped tomatoes (or tomato sauce) seasoned with oregano and basil. Top with cheese (and veggies if desired). Bake in a 350 oven about 10 minutes. My kids love this and it doesn't involve making a crust. They ask for it year round, not just at Passover!
Son-in-law enjoyed preparing it, and the whole family gobbled it up!An interesting confection. I made it for a class and it received mixed reviews. It was while ago, but I remember it also had trouble rising, and the kirsch was a little strong.
This was very tasty cake. It's really more like a coffee cake than a dessert cake, though.Agreed this is not Korean fried chicken. For an authentic and exceptionally good recipe, go to http://www.saveur.com/article/Recipes/Korean-Fried-Chicken This recipe produces the same result as my Korean neighbors serve.
I made these for tonight's Super Bowl party for the first time and they were a hit! They did take some effort with double frying but they were cooked to perfection and the sauce was a delicious combination of heat and sweet and sour, reminiscent of Thai dipping sauce. This will be my new staple dish to bring to potluck parties.
Korean wings, known as Bon Chon chicken, are amazing! This recipe is NOT it. I'm not sure I can post a link here but if you Google "Bon Chon Chicken recipe" you'll get a TON of hits. There are You Tube videos, blogs, etc. with the recipe. The key is to fry them twice and dust them with corn starch or rice flour before the second frying. That makes them uber crispy.
Agreed. Okay but not great.
I had a similar experience. Good but not great.
I had a similar experience. Good but not great.
These are okay but nothing special. Certainly not worth the effort of double frying. My wife and I decided we prefer regular wings. The recipe is in the trash.Oily and disgusting. I'll never made it again.
This is definitely the worst kugel recipe I've ever attempted to eat or make. I should have known better when it said a) to dissolve the sugar in oil, b) to use that much oil in the first place c) to use so many eggs. I made it according to the recipe, took a bite, and promptly searched for the garbage to spit it out. My flatmate did the same. I quickly altered the recipe before Shabbat to use water instead of oil, and only about half the amount. I also used 4 eggs instead of 6. The kugel is usually made with probably two, but the four gives it a nice, albeit different, texture.
I am shocked by the negative reviews. I made this twice now and both times it has come out EXCELLENT! A different take on the kugel I am used to but delicious!
This tasted like deep fried sugar noodles. I followed the same recipe as these people, but should have known better when it called for so much oil and eggs. Save yourself the heartache and make anything else.
Since it took me a while to figure out that chemicaly, sugar can not dissolve in oil, I had a hard time following the recipe. I gave up on that and cooked the sugar/oil till it carmelized but it was very greasy, and could have used more salt, more pepper too. Many better kugel recipes out there.
A great dish for Shabbat Lunch with Cholent! I made this today in one of those cool silicone pans in a bundt shape. It came out beautifully. I have great memories of this dish from Israel. Easy, tasty and grat to make ahead.
made it the first time last year for a holiday dinner. it tastes different from most traditional kugels. there was a hint of sweetness and an intriguing texture with a crunch on top and chewiness in the middle. it was very easy to make and perhaps a little too easy to overcook or even burn. great way to fill up before the yom kippur fast.To those who thought it was just you--this was definitely bland! My boyfriend said, "It smells good, it looks good, but it's bland. It's like something sucked all the flavor out of it." I used the suggestions from A Cook from D.C., (both the ground lamb, because I don't like dealing with bones, and also the addition of cumin, saffron, turmeric and extra garlic) and it was still bland. I also had difficulty getting the rice to cook... which I think was me (we just moved and I couldn't find the lids). If anyone makes this in the future, may I suggest: 1. using broth instead of water (I would suggest this whether using boned or ground lamb); 2. adding the apricots, garlic, and tomatoes after the rice has been cooking for a few minutes, then adding the lamb; 3. doubling the spices suggested by Washington, D.C.
This is another (maybe this time I'll learn!) recipe that calls for cooking the lamb long enough to dry it out, the broth reduction doesn't happen quickly enough, and the reserved liquid is really too much for the amount of rice. Edible, but not choice.
I made this recipe, using the suggestions provided by a cook from Washington, DC. It was quite tasty. I made a bed of rice on a platter and topped it with the ground lamb mixture and toasted pine nuts. Next time I'll also top it with crumbled feta. Add a salad and a glass of red wine!
I admit, I went free form with this recipe... but with the changes I made, it was oh-so-good! First, to simplify things, I bought ground lamb, and browned it with the onions. I seasoned this mixture with turmeric (1/2tsp), cumin (1/2 tsp), cinnamon (1 tsp), and garlic (1 clove). Meanwhile, I cooked the rice, adding just a couple of threads of saffron. Added chopped dried apricots while rice was sitting. Threw rice into skillet with lamb mixture to brown it slightly, adding salt & pepper to taste. Then I let the whole thing cool, and added toasted almonds (though I imagine the pine nuts would also be tasty). Yum, yum, yum! This recipe might be somewhat bland as written, but it can be used as a good base if you experiment a little.
My experience is like Mr. Bowens' Bland!
This recipe brings new meaning to the word "bland"! It's a mystery. It reads well. It smells great while cooking. It was the single biggest disappointment of my cooking career. Maybe it was me?I liked it but wanted slightly different seasonings. I think next time I'd use more garlic and use rosemary instead of basil. Larding pork is pork fat, use either salt pork or bacon again. I used salt pork instead of bacon because I didn't want a smokey flavor.
Actually I think that larding just means to get a cut of the meat that has plenty of fat on the butt. Not sure though. Didn't make this recipe but thought I'd make a comment for the previous commenter.
This dish takes a long time to cook but otherwise is extremely easy to make. I didn't know what "larding pork" was, nor did my butcher, so I omitted that and it turned out fine. I would add another carrot next time but otherwise it was very good.I used to live in the UK, and Korma is a very popular restaurant dish, so I was excited to make it. I used chicken instead of lamb, and it was delicious. I would definitely OMIT the cream at the end. I was tasting it through the whole process, and was very pleased with just the yogurt flavour, but after I added the cream it took on almost a cheese-like flavour. My boyfriend loved that but I had been spoiled by pre-tasting. Served with spinach naan.
Made with 300 gr lamb, black pepper instead of white, but otherwise followed the recipe. Had to grind nuts in a mortar & pestle & that was a killer. It tasted very good, but strangely like Thai food instead of Indian...I was pleased with what the cornmeal did for this and think I might bump up the amount next time. I also used about 1/3 turnips because I had them. I think this gave it a lighter and sweeter flavor which was quite nice. 2 eggs, because the turnips didn't have the same moisture content as potatoes.
I added the ancho salt to the batter and then fried the latkes. They were delicious and a hit.The masa added a nice dimension to the flavor.I served with traditional apple sauce.
Because I live close to the Mexican border, masa is a frequently used ingredient in my neighborhood, so I found the idea more intriguing than some reviewers. Since I also lived in Minneapolis for five years, Latkes are a long time holiday favorite and I was in the mood. There are two parts to this recipe, the latke mix and the guacamole; so I'll deal with them separately. The corn masa in the latke is unnoticeable. If you don't sprinkle the ancho chile salt on top, it's not that different from your basic latke. In the future, to punch up the 'south of the border' vibe, I will actually add a teaspoon of the ancho chile into the latke mix itself, and add a couple more tablespoons of the masa. That allows people to salt or not as they prefer. I did take one idea from Joyce777 and made a spicy applesauce topping with cinnamon and ground ancho chile, as well as a dilled creme fraiche with a touch of horseradish. (for those of you who aren't familiar with creme fraiche I warn you not to try it... it's addictive) Both went over well. I'd recommend making the guacamole with the watercress in a food processor, and go light on the lime. It's very fresh and rather an interesting departure from more traditional guacamoles. As a sauce for the latke, it ranked 3rd and I wouldn't use it in the future with this dish. Aside from those minor tweaks, this is a fun recipe, easy to prepare, and well received at my dinner party. I will most definitely be making it again!
A rose is a rose by any other name people. Potatoes, egg, seasonings, etc. all go into potato pancakes, latkes, or rosti. Food items cross cultural barriers because they are good tasting, plentiful, available, whatever. I have a problem with reviewers who don't even try to make the recipe before giving it a low rating. At least cook the dish first. These cakes are tasty.
Creme fraiche is used in Mexico for toppings, not sour cream. It is a legacy from the time when the French occupied Mexico. It is available at stores that carry Mexican products and in many supermarkets. We use it all the time, Buen Provecho!
Not exactly mama's latkes. This sounds like something you might find on "Chopped" on the Food Network.All it needs is chinese 5-spice. Creme fraiche? Some day I'll try making it but I'll stick wth nasty old sour cream until then. Anyone brave out there? It sounds weirdly fascinating.
I am considering trying this recipe for my gluten intolerant son-in-law. The masa sounds like a great substitute for flour or matzo meal more traditionally used in latkes. I have no problem with the idea of borrowing from other cultures and I thought I was a food snob. I guess I'm not. The question is, "How does this taste?"
Did anyone actually make this dish? krosswaugh, it sounds like maybe you did? I'd like to know if it's as bad as everyone thinks it sounds. Thanks.
I my thirty-five years a Mexican chef I have never seen such a horror as today's mess. That woman should never be allowed into a kitchen. What editor approved these recipes? You managed to insult two cuisines in one go. If you can't be the best, sit down and let one of us take over.
Joice7777, what if we change the title and call it: Mexican potato pancakes with Guacamole; or South-Western Potato Pancakes. I did not try the recipe, therefore can't rate it but your idea with orange calvados sounds great.
The "Cook from Houston" knows whereof em speaks. As soon as I saw the words "Latkes" and "guacamole" in the same sentence, I knew there was a problem. This is emblematic of all I hate about foody-ism for the sake of foody-ism, and is the reason I have sent dishes back in upscale restaurants. In order to tap into a tradition, it is necessary to understand when one is going too far, and is losing the link to the tradition. If you want a variation on this traditional theme, how about Blue potato latkes with herbed creme fraiche, and orange-calvados applesauce?The top layer is like tzatziki - fantastic! However, the dip seems too heavy to scoop up. Worked better as a spread on crackers, bread. But overall, a good dish and one I'll make again.
I came across this recipe when I was looking around and remembered I made it years ago. It sounds fantastic, but is really blah. It's not awful, but I never made it again.As a variation on colcannon the leeks added a nice touch..but I did not cook the cabbage with the potatoes, rather I steamed it seperately and added it to the pottoes after mashing. Nicer texture!
No one liked this dish, though we love cabbage as well as mashed potatoes. The cabbage and leeks didn't add anything to the flavor and actually seemed to detract from the usually delicious Yukon golds. Not worth the trouble.
These pototatoes were out of this world! My family loved them! I did add some cheddar cheese the second time I made them and that worked out great too!
I liked the concept of this recipe but I thought there should be more of the potato because it was a bit watery. My husband thought there were too many leeks. I took the leftovers and put them in the blender with more chicken broth. And added some leftover chopped chicken, chopped cooked brussels sprouts, chopped tomato, and a little grated cheddar cheese for a delicious souplIt is obvious the author of the recipe is aware of the rules of kashrut as she or he said "margarine or butter." Anyone who keeps kosher would know to choose parve margarine. The other dairy suggestions came from reviewers, who have no obligation to follow the rules of kathrut. People need to read more carefully.
This is not kosher in the least learn to cook passover food before you make yourself look like a fool to the jewish community. You cannot mix any dairy and meat products whatsoever they cant even be on the same table.
I actually didn't find this so easy to make. Lots to puree--many batches, and for pretty bland soup. I added spicy chicken sausage and a bit of vinegar. We'll see tomorrow if that helps.
Good recipe, I prefer chives to parsley. To "A Cook in Los Angeles"- yes it's kosher! Anyone that keeps kosher would know to use kosher margarine or rendered chicken fat instead of butter. The dairy others mention is not in the original recipe but was their own addition.
great recipe. Used the bone marrow but did not separate and add back into the puree, as it has an unpleasant, lumpy texture. Better to simmer it with the broth only for the best effect. Also I separate out a 1/4 of the potatoes before puree-ing, and then add back into the final soup so the soup has some different consistency.
Hayden absolutely loved it.
I didn't use the dairy, but added avocado instead.
Great soup with a few changes: 1)no need to use the marrow, just chix broth! 2)used broccoli instead of carrots 3)left out dill 4)after purree process, stirred in 1/4 cup half & half! what a great cold weather creamy soup!!!!
This was fantastic, great flavor. I didn't use the bones or marrow, I just boiled chicken stock with some celery stalks instead. Pretty easy to make.
It's a little bit weird that under the subcategory of "Jewish Cooking," you include a recipe that violates the most basic tenets of kosher cooking by combining dairy and meat in the form of cream and chicken broth. Interested readers should consult Jewish cookbooks by Joan Nathan, Helen Nash, Judy Zeigler, et. al. for real Jewish recipes instead.
Actually, Cambridge, butter would be a no-no to any kosher household since meat and dairy are NEVER to be combined. This was a good recipe but not great. There are other better recipes out there (on this website!)
I've a Potato Leek soup recipe that has soy instead of bone and butter. Would this be considered kosher?(2 med Leeks, 1T. veg.oil, 6 c. veg. stock, 1/4 t. salt, 2 lg. potatoes, 1 med. onion, 1c. soy milk, 1/4t. pepper, 1/8t. nutmeg. Steam leeks. soak potato in water. Saute leek & onion. add potato to pot w/broth. Boil. stir in remaining ingredients
Great soup. Rave reviews from everyone at Thanksgiving. I didn't puree all of the soup, only part of it, which I liked better. Delicious!
This soup was mild but satisfying. I spiced it up just a bit with some white pepper and served it with sourdough bread. Yummy.
to the cook from new york on 3/12: the recipe calls for "butter or margarine" -- so obviously one would use the margarine when preparing it for passover.
This seems like a good recipe, but I want to voice a concern about something other than its quzlity. Since it is offered as part of a menu for a Jewish holiday observance -- one in which food is a paramount part of the ceremony -- it should not so explicitly non-kosher, which this one is! It combines butter (dairy) with meat -- one of the fundamental prohibitions of the kosher system!
delicious..............Good flavor, but I must have done something wrong with the caramel. When I tried to loosen from the ramekins, I could get the custard out but not the caramel topping. Maybe I cooked it too long? Tough time cleaning out the ramekins too!
The slight essence of lemon and anise make this an unusual variation from your typical flan. I was impressed and glad to share my treats with the neighbors. I'd only suggest adding a lemon twist on top for decoration as it still looks like your typical flan.I suspect Charles' quirky "unwrappers" were the crisp spring roll skins which require a quick dip in water in order to become soft and pliable. They are most associated with fresh, not fried, spring rolls.
I have actually made this a couple times. I add a little browned ground pork to it just to make it go a bit farther.
I was completely defeated by this recipe due to the wrappers. I purchased spring roll wrappers (made in Thailand) from a Vietnamese grocery. They are wafer thin and brittle. Obviously an art to folding that requires further investigation. The filling is ok. One intriguing facet: the cost of the dish is virtually nil. Probably needs a dip, though.
